Top 3 Negative Comments: 
 
 "Planet of the Damned, free on KindleBy Jason Weisberger at 9:50 am Thu, Mar 19, 2015SHARE TWEET STUMBLE COMMENTSHarry Harrison's Planet of the Damned is one of the first science fiction books I remember reading. It is available free for the Amazon Kindle .I recently picked up a copy of this at Powell's Books, in Portland. I remembered the cover from my childhood and eagerly wanted to see if it'd held up. I expected unwitting heroes, improbable romance and unbelievable science. I also found some racism.Planet of the Damned is the story of one genetically superior Brion Brannd.  Only Brion can stop some backwards savages with nukes from killing a neighboring planet of peaceful philosophers. Suspend your disbelief and enjoy a great example of pulp science fiction." 

 "Siam Goorwich for Metro.co.uk and Pejman Faratin for Metro.co.uk Thursday 19 Mar 2015 5:58 pmWrong. So wrong. (Picture: Amazon)When people say, 'don't judge a book by its cover', they're not talking about these books. These books deserve to be judged. Harshly.You'd think the fact that Kindle books don't need covers would mean that, well, kindle books don't have covers. What it in fact means is that some Kindle books (many of which, coincidentally, also have dubious titles and subject matters) have really unbelievably sh*t covers.And when we say sh*t we mean, laugh out loud, nightmare-inducing, mind-bogglingly sh*t.Here are 12 of the best/ worst.1. Old Ladies Who Love Porn(Picture: Amazon)We REALLY hope Franklin Eddy got permission to use this woman's face. 2. But. You're a Horse(Picture: Amazon)To be fair, bestiality never looked so good. " 

 "Station Eleven: great post-apocalyptic novel on sale as a Kindle ebook for $3By Mark Frauenfelder at 11:58 am Tue, Mar 17, 2015SHARE TWEET STUMBLE COMMENTSI've read 83% of Station Eleven on my Kindle, so I don't know whether it has a interesting ending or not (I'm one of those lowbrows who doesn't like books without a satisfying conclusion), but I am loving it so far. Amazon is selling it as a Kindle for $3 right now.Like Earth Abides , the 1949 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by George R. Stewart, Emily St. John Mandel's Station Eleven is about life on earth after 99.99% of the population gets wiped out by a fast-moving fatal pandemic. And like Stewart, St. John Mandel does a great job of envisioning a world without everything we are currently dependent on.Here's the jacket copy:An audacious, darkly glittering novel set in the eerie days of civilization's collapse, Station Eleven tells the spellbinding story of a Hollywood star, his would-be savior, and a nomadic group of actors roaming the scattered outposts of the Great Lakes region, risking everything for art and humanity.One snowy night Arthur Leander, a famous actor, has a heart attack onstage during a production of King Lear. Jeevan Chaudhary, a paparazzo-turned-EMT, is in the audience and leaps to his aid. A child actress named Kirsten Raymonde watches in horror as Jeevan performs CPR, pumping Arthur's chest as the curtain drops, but Arthur is dead. That same night, as Jeevan walks home from the theater, a terrible flu begins to spread. Hospitals are flooded and Jeevan and his brother barricade themselves inside an apartment, watching out the window as cars clog the highways, gunshots ring out, and life disintegrates around them.Fifteen years later, Kirsten is an actress with the Traveling Symphony. Together, this small troupe moves between the settlements of an altered world, performing Shakespeare and music for scattered communities of survivors. Written on their caravan, and tattooed on Kirsten's arm is a line from Star Trek: \"Because survival is insufficient.\" But when they arrive in St. Deborah by the Water, they encounter a violent prophet who digs graves for anyone who dares to leave.Spanning decades, moving back and forth in time, and vividly depicting life before and after the pandemic, this suspenseful, elegiac novel is rife with beauty. As Arthur falls in and out of love, as Jeevan watches the newscasters say their final good-byes, and as Kirsten finds herself caught in the crosshairs of the prophet, we see the strange twists of fate that connect them all. A novel of art, memory, and ambition, Station Eleven tells a story about the relationships that sustain us, the ephemeral nature of fame, and the beauty of the world as we know it." 


 Top 3 Positive Comments:  

 "Kindle Unlimited vs. Oyster vs. Scribd: Top Netflix-Style Subscription Service For E-books?By Heba Hasan ,      Tech Times  |  March 12, 4:30 PMShare( ) Tweet( )(Photo : Oyster Books)Unless you're a luddite, you've probably tried out at least one monthly subscription service. And with all the video and music streaming services making news as of late, e-book subscriptions often get overshadowed. But if you're an avid book reader, these unlimited e-book subscriptions are worth looking into. We've compared the three biggest e-book subscription services on the market so you can decide which one is best for you.PriceThe three services are priced very similarly, with Scribd  being the cheapest. Scribd's monthly service is $8.99 and offers a free month trial. Oyster's  monthly service is $9.95 a month and offers a 14-day trial. Kindle Unlimited  is the most expensive at $9.99 and also offers a free 30-day trial.Selection of BooksNow that both Scribd and Oyster have signed three out of the five  major book publishers to their service (Macmillian, HarperCollins and Simon & Schuster) they are both slightly ahead of Kindle Unlimited when it comes to offering the newest titles. Oyster carries 1 million titles from over 1,600 publishers, including several smaller independent publishers like McSweeney's and Rodale. Kindle Unlimited offers over 700,000 book titles as well as thousands of audio books. Scribd also offers audio books and has recently acquired more than 10,000 comic books,  bringing its combined book and audio book count to 1 million.(Photo : Scribd )Scribd has over 10,000 comic book selections.InterfaceWhen it comes to aesthetics, Oyster is hands down the most visually appealing. The app and site are formatted very similar to Netflix, which makes browsing easy. On Oyster, you can also change the font style, text accent color and background of each book. The themes range from minimalist to ornately decorated. And if you need book suggestions, you can always email hello@oysterbooks.com and outlinine your taste in books for some personalized recommendations.Device CompatibilityOyster is compatible with all devices running Android 4+ and iOS 7+. This includes Kindle Fire, iPhones, iPads, Nook HD and Samsung devices. Scribd similarly has apps available for the iPad, iPhone, Android and Kindle Fire. Kindle Unlimited obviously works with all Kindle devices as well as most tablets and smartphones via the Kindle app.Overall VerdictWhen it comes to choosing between the three services, it really depends on what you're looking for. If you're most interested in getting access to as many books as possible, Oyster is the way to go. If you want a healthy mix of audio books, graphic novels, self-published titles and books, Scribd is probably the most appealing And if you already have a Kindle, Kindle Unlimited makes the most sense.Be sure to follow T-Lounge on Twitter  and visit our Facebook  page© 2015 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission." 


 "Get Inquisitr's daily viral news by e-mail and never miss the internet's hottest stories!Email AddressPosted: March 18, 2015Kindle Fire Is ListeningThe new update to Amazon's Kindle Fire tablet might just be smarter than you think. Firefly, a smartphone and tablet application available on Kindle Fire Phone and Kindle Fire HDX tablets, listens to and identifies songs and shows playing around it (amongst other things), and will certainly patch up a sore spot for users who were fans of the now-defunct Google Goggles application. In its review of the Kindle Fire HDX (the newest members of the Kindle family), Business Insider mentions the fact that not only is the Kindle Fire HDX \"super thin.\" but also that it possesses a \"gorgeous\" screen that makes text and images look realistic.Whatever your views on Amazon and its devices, it's clear the Kindle has come a long way from simply being \"that thing one keeps books on.\" Now boasting a fully-packed library of apps, books, music, and games, the Fire flagship is certainly a powerhouse that is giving competitors like Google and Apple a run for their money. Amazon also brings Prime, its own streaming radio service, to paid customers on its devices.All other improvements aside, Firefly is possibly the most important. While the Inquisitr reports that the Fire Phones are being waved away as nothing more than \" shopping machines ,\" perhaps there is still end-user value for people who enjoy using Firefly. The Business Insider certainly seems to think so - it complimented the new application as \". work[ing] quickly\" and called it \"incredibly accurate.\"So, how does Firefly actually work? Tapping the application from the Kindle's home screen brings you to a page full of shimmering stars that looks like it should adorn a child's lullaby music player. Simply choose from either the note or TV icon at the top to tell Firefly that it should listen for a song or TV show, respectively. Firefly even gives you a friendly notification about when you've paused the camera, something Google Goggles users will recall didn't happen on their devices of choice.If you're not impressed yet, you'll be happy to know that Firefly can do more than just identify songs and TV shows. In a CNN article dated August, 2014, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos explained other features that Firefly boasts, including the ability to read QR codes, web addresses, and artwork. For anyone not currently carrying a Kindle Fire, Firefly may be a worthwhile feature to check out if you don't mind Amazon effectively marketing their products to you.In the end, Amazon may still have some things to work on with developing its Kindle ecosystem. Though Amazon's Fire OS is essentially an offshoot of Android OS, Business Insider highlights the fact that users won't be able to run Google apps like Gmail, Google Maps, and Chrome on Kindle Fire, which could frustrate some people. If you are a die-hard Android fan, you could consider sideloading Apps, or maybe just sticking around to see what else Kindle Fire will come up with in the next few years." 


 "1The PTA Family Reading Experience, Powered by Kindle is a reading program that is designed to engage families in their children's efforts to become better readers because we have long recognized that when schools and families work together, students are more successful. The program provides schools and families a free set of tools and activities that can be used with physical books, Kindles and other e-book providers to engage children in reading, help them better understand reading fundamentals and inspire a lifelong love of literature.The Kindle is not a requirement of the program - physical books, including those with Braille and audio remain an integral part of family reading. National PTA's goal is to get families more involved in their children's reading, and this program simply provides readers a new way to access books of all kinds.It is a policy of National PTA to be inclusive to individuals from all backgrounds. The association makes every effort to develop programs and resources that support and appeal to students with varying factors including age, ethnicity, language and culture, gender, and mental or physical ability.National PTA is proud to have teamed up with an organization such as Amazon that shares our passion for reading and supporting family literacy.Otha Thornton, Alexandria, Va."