"I bought this as I had to read a lot of research papers and ebooks on my laptop (I'm an undergraduate student).The good parts:1&#62; Awesome e-ink display.Say goodbye to screen glare.2&#62;Quite fast page loading, atleast for .mobi formats. And even for pdfs containing images (I used it to read Nagraj's comics: about 7 MB in size).3&#62;Lightweight: No need to carry an 800 page book in your bag.4&#62;It has an experimental browser to surf the net.5&#62;Quite long battery backup6&#62;Touch is awesome (IR touchscreen, can be operated with your gloves on. You can use anything as a stylus since it isn't a capacitive touch)The negatives:1&#62; Very slight reflection of external light can be seen on the screen. But only when you  tilt it against light at a slant angle. Nothing to worry about. By adjusting the angle a bit, it quickly vanishes.2&#62;PDFs are rendered well, but it is very uncomfortable to browse a pdf while having it zoomed. You can try the landscape mode to make the fonts bigger.3&#62;The experimental browser is OK for facebook and gmail. But it slows down on heavy sites and even crashes/hangs at times.4&#62; Cannot download PDF using the inbuilt experimental browser.5&#62;Can't open browser in landscape mode.Verdict:A very nice device at this price range. If you want to read novels, you'll have no complaints.  Any PDF file with large enough fonts will be very comfortable to read. If you want to read IEEE-style two column research papers, or read a pdf book containing a lot of equations (in pdf format), you can use a free tool called k2pdfopt to convert into a Kindle optimized single-column version. I've tried it and it works very well most of the time."
"I&#8217;m a voracious and serious reader of non-fantasy books. I switch to next book immediately after I complete finishing one.  This has resulted in piles of book stacked up at my room. It can be seen that that e-books are much cheaper to their paper or hardcover counterparts.  So space constraint and price pushed me to look for e-Book reader.I consulted some of my technical savvy friends who have formed an idea about the product without even seen it ever.  On the contrary they asked why I&#8217;m not going for Tablet instead which offers multiple functionalities compared to an e-Book reader. I asked myself why we go for a digital camera when our smart phone has an in-built camera.  As my focus was only on reading, so I did not went for a Tablet on the basis of hearsay. I continue to surf net for the right answers. One fine day, I placed the order for the item.The device reached much before the estimated delivery date. Thus it set forth to a new mode of reading.  Luckily it proved to be good judgment on my part. What claimed by Amazon in their promotion is true in totality. I have been reading at least 70 pages daily since I received it 3 weeks back. The USP are given below:a) Unlike smart phone, laptop or tablet, the screen does not reflectb) Since it has glare fee display, the device puts less strain on your eyesc) Letter fonts can be adjusted based on the comfort of the readerd) Lines spacing can be also adjusted based on reader&#8217;s preferencee) With adjustment according to convenience, reading speed increasesf) The pages resembles that of physical counterparts in terms of looksg) The device with 200 gms is much lighter than paper or hardcover books and 50% less than that of Tablet. One fine day,  my  baby slept over me with his head on my chest. I could read with the device for next one hour without disturbing his sleeph) While reading books in physical form, I have the habit of underlining words whose meaning I&#8217;m not aware of. Later on I refer dictionary for the meaning. In e-Book reader, you can underline words for later reference and inbuilt dictionary display meaning of selected words.i) Once charged, you can read for 18-20 daysj) You can read even when you do not have Wi-Fi connection. You can download it on your laptop/desktop and transfer it to device using USB cable.This is what the essence of Kindle e-Book reader. It stimulates your reading appetite. The bottom-line is that it makes reading easy and offers an altogether different experience. If you are still skeptical, I recommended you should go for it without giving a second thought. I can vouch for that. It&#8217;s value for your money."
"The product is good and useful. Only the Company should bundle at least a standard flip cover for protection. The policy of the Company to push sales of flip cover separately does not leave a good impression amongst the buyers. similarly charger is also an essential part that should have been bundled with the product. Selling things unbundled is not a very sincere marrketing strategy."
"i had purchased a paperwhite two years back for my daughter. untii last week it was working  fine. all of sudden its screen is frozen.we tried the solution provided on your web site. for resetting it. all restting procedure are in vein. so i had inquired with customer care. the lady says its not in warranty, hence nothing can be done. then i asked about its service. it was replied as, THERE IS NO SERVICE CENTER IN INDIA. what KIND OF SUPPORT IS PROVIDED BY  REPUTED COMPANY LIKE AMAZON. ITS VERY FRUSTRATING THAT AFTER SECOND YEARS WE HAVE THROW OUR KINDLE. AND ALL MONEY GOES WASTE.i APPEAL TO ALL INDIAN CUSTOMER. NOT BUY ANY KINDLE PRODUCT, AS THEY WON,T SUPPORT SERVICE AFTER SALE. ITS REAL BIZARRE FROM AMAZON."
"Just A good readerPros1. Light Weight2. Good battery Life3. Kindle format books are really cheaperCons:1. Enterprise WIFI not supported2. Newspaper subscrption is very cost;y(Rs.550/Month)3. Only Blck and white4. many ebook reade feature is missing5.Basic acessories are not supplied and it is very costly if purchase out side"
"I think that at 6000 bucks, this Kindle offers the best deal out of all. I've been using it for about 4 days now.Personally, I feel that my reading speed on the Kindle is better than an actual book. The estimated completion time, vocab builder, etc. are great features. Battery life is good, so is the display.I also compared it to a friend's Paperwhite and found the following differences:1. The PaperWhite is heavier than this, and noticeably. While this feels just about right in the hand, the PaperWhite doesn't feel as good.2. This has a plastic back while the PaperWhite has a lovely matte finish. It may matter to some, may not to others.3. This feels sturdier as compared to the PaperWhite.4. The PaperWhite has a backlight, this does not.5. The PaperWhite has a slightly brownish/yellowish background color. I was personally fond of it, while anyone who prefers a complete white should go for this.6. The PaperWhite is slightly better at opening PDFs.Overall, this is a good product and for 5000 lesser, it is a better deal than the PaperWhite. More value for money."
"Book reading has been my life and love for a long time now but over here at college I don't really have any real shops to go to and look at a book and touch it.So a Kindle was the way to go. The features are really good for the bucks. The screen itself doesn't strain the eyes and the next generations' touchscreen makes things even easier. With the 4 gigabytes storage, many many books can be stored. With the inbuilt dictionary and Wi-Fi connectivity...it's even cooler.The best thing is the screen and it's great viewing angles. The e-Ink technology really has great contrast and gives the closest feeling of holding an actual book that any reader can give.It's a dedicated book reader that can do nothing other than open books of compatible formats and that means lesser distraction while reading a book. Bye bye social media.Delivery was prompt and fast. Good service.Now for some reading!! :D"
"The new 7th generation Kindle basic comes with 4GB of memory--twice as much as my 5th gen--and enough to store thousands of average-sized books.Display - infrared touch screen works much better than  expected. It is very responsive and flawless in operation. You just tap on the left to advance a page, on the right to go back a page, and on the top of the screen to view the menu and other information.Price - it is just good but it can be made BEST for India subcontinent as considering the fact the kindle owner buy/spent more on Amazon.Battery Life - Battery lasts really long, just charge once and read for weeks.Best Features is  Dictionary  Just select the word and its meaning would pop up. Other features Wikipedia search / Xray, enlarging fonts and Whispersync technology which synchronizes your last page read, bookmarks, and annotations across all your devices so you can pick up exactly where you left off reading.Regarding Books, you can safely buy almost any books from Amazon and normally they are cheaper than Paperback edition. You can google for many free books also. Best supported format are .AZW3 and .Mobi. You can also convert easily .Epub to .Mobi.For PDF Reading, Amazon need to go long way, as it is still offering basic compatibility only.BIG CON - It has only One CON &#8211; you cannot read it in Night or dark room. May be you consider Kindle Paperwhite for this purpose.Customer support / Warranty issue &#8211; Amazon is known to be best in the world. Just close your eye and trust Amazon.Finally - In Nutshell, This little device is awesome Library with full value of money. Just go for it."
"The amount of ignorant people on this review section is amazing! Do some basic research before criticising a product for exactly what it is.1) This is one of the cheapest, best & most convenient e-readers in the market. At the same exact price as in the US ($99)2) this version has no backlight, it never claimed to have one. A simple google search would suffice. Buy the Paperwhite like i did if you need backlight.3) Battery life is outstanding. On Airplane mode it claims to work for a month. My paperwhite does so i have no doubt this e-reader does too.4) Only Kindle compatible books work properly. Convert e-pub & PDF intro MOBI format using Calibre software. The epub books get converted proper, but the PDFs are dicey and i would not reccomend them. If you are going to pirate books, take the effort to find a kindle format so it doesn't hamper your experience.5) This is solely a book reader. You cannot browse, go online or anything else on it. Don't have false expectations.Lastly, for regular readers, this is a no brainer.Its a wonderful device. WOuld recommend the paperwhite solely for the backlight. But you do get covers with light on it,  or you could just buy a cheap reading light if you do not want  to spend the extra 3K. Its worth it though."
"It is quite an impressive device, certainly. However, there are few things that bother me. Apart from compatibility issues, Amazon should add some more features to the software. PDF rendering is poor and it can't handle large PDF's. Special mathematical and statistical characters/fonts can't be read on a PDF. Using calibre, which works on Linux, Mac and Windows, resolves most of my problems though. Also, There are only a few Indian newspapers available and they are priced exorbitantly. All said, the only thing that comes close to e-ink display are AMOLED screens, as far as reading comfort goes."
"This reader is exactly \"what the writers ordered\" so to say :) and the price for the non backlight version (5K) is just awesome. It is lightweight and of the right size to handle and read. At the same time, it is sturdy and stable to use. One can use it readily while walking on the treadmill (with some caution and practice), while lying down or while travelling. It can hold thousands of books probably, holds 100 for me now and I did not cram in more than I can handle.When buying books, most of the kindle version books are cheaper than the paper version books and you do not have the hassle of carrying the book or storing it later post the read like with a paperback. The display looks just like paper and so you get the same exact feel of reading a book.Using powerful free software like Calibre, you can upload the books you have on your hard drive (laptop/PC) pretty easily post conversion to the \".mobi\" format that Kindle uses. Features like Vocabulary builder and In-built dictionary are an icing on the cake. Before purchasing this reader, my book reading average per month was probably 0.20. Now this average is around 3 - 4 books per month (in spite of being busy) which is quite encouraging.The battery life is also pretty high and I perform a recharge once in 3 weeks (when its on half charge) after an hour or two's reading everyday as well. This will vary on usage and I keep it in airplane mode (not connected to wifi) when I dont need to sync it to the Amazon cloud.There seem to be two drawbacks. One is that there's no backlight in the basic version (you can't read in the dark) but I bought a cheap attachable LED lamp from amazon itself and it serves the purpose well enough. The second is that one of the customers has stated that his daughter's kindle stopped working after 2 years of use due to some issue and there is NO SERVICE for this product available in India. Until it is in warranty, they might replace your product but post warranty, it looks like there's nothing that can be done. I hope Amazon will work on this aspect.If you can afford it and love reading, go for Kindle paperwhite with backlight facility for 9 - 10K. Also buy a cover and screenguard for it. Kindle generally being monochrome (only b/w) and having only an experimental browser also ensures that we use the reader just for what it is intended and that is to READ! Happy reading cuz it is one of life's eternal pleasures that we and our children have lost in recent times!"
"After receiving kindle, i was on the cloue nine..!!!i downloaded some free ebooks on it and started reading them.i was stunned by the experiences.Book reading has been my hobby for a long time, but over here at college I don't really have any shops to go to and look at a book and read them..but now i can carry my entire library with me wherever i go...and like a cherry on the cake i got 1000 rupee off on it..All-New Kindle, 6&#34; Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi is the perfect ebook reader for the beginers.the kindle paperwhite is also good but it has only in built light in addition to the normal kindle.the screen is totally glare free and i can even hold it in sunlight and read. and it feels like a paper.the battery backup is absolutely great..some best features are dictionary :just select the word and its meaning would pop up.Wikipedia search, xray , enlarging fonts and Whispersync technology which synchronizes your last page read, bookmarks, and annotations across all your devices so you can pick up exactly where you left off reading so that you never left  your place.and buying books is also very easy it just requires couple of clicks.and it is very light weighted.and another great thing is that we get a email address which is hosted by kindle. for example: shubhamyadav@kindle.comwe can also read our personal documents on it by sending it to this email id.kindle is connected to our facebook and twitter account and also with the readers community i.e goodreads.which makes it easy to share our books with our friends.the kindle cloud also allows to manage our device properly.me and my family has fallen in love with it..and my &#34;studious&#34; friends are also planning to get it soon..and last but not not the least i.e customer support and warantee...Just close your eye and trust Amazon.This little device is awesome library with full value of money. Just go for it."
"It is not the product, but the service by AMAZON.in. It is Horrible. If you want to order anything from AMAZON as a gift to your dear ones then your relationship will be trouble. Please don't believe on them and commit to anyone."
"I got a new kindle around 30 days ago. It was working fine till suddenly it stopped working and the screen froze.. Only the screensaver is shown on the bottom half of the screen and the top half is not functional.  I cannot read books.. Amazon doesn't seem to respond to repeatedly phone calls. I am stuck. Cannot read any book.  Kindly read reviews online before buying"
"I really loved the Amazon Kindle.It brought back my habit of reading after a long time.I can finally store all my medical books and all.Let me be clear that you can use it for viewing pics and docs clearly.But, if you have a PDF library, and think that you can use it in this, you are in for double work.Coz, you have to convert it using Calibre software or cloudconvert.com to make into the AZW / AZW3 / MOBI / DOC format to view it in your Kindle.Also, Manga and comics are a pleasure to view on the Kindle.Rest assured, you can have your library with you.No glare, no handpain (compared to reading on my iPad), great battery, AWESOME PRODUCT.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
"Simply Awesome... The font contrast , display everything is just amazing. It is light so can hold well.. I am waiting for a perfect cover ..I tried sending documents to the email ID provided. its sync is nice. I tried inbuilt browser... It still needs some work though plus i opened Gmail to download the attachment documents.. dint work as i expected..I loved it more in the landscape view... I really miss the white light they offer in the paperwhite.. But considering the price.. its awesome..Bought through GOSF discount.. cost me 4999 plus additional 10% off on HDFC card.. Could have been BetterYAY !!!!!"
"HI GUYS! HEAR ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH WORLD'S MOST CUSTOMER CENTRIC COMPANY 'AMAZON'. I HAVE PLACED ORDER FOR KINDLE + ADOPTER + LEATHER CASE ON 29TH OF OCTOBER. I GOT DELIVERY OF ADOPTER WITHIN 2 DAYS AND NEXT DAY COVER. MY ORDER FOR KINDLE INSTRUMENT WAS CANCELLED AND AMOUNT REFUNDED STATING 'SHIPPING ADDRESS UNDELIVERABLE'. THEN HOW COME I GOT ADOPTER. I LIVE IN DISTRICT HEAD QUARTERS (NELLORE) ANDHRA PRADESH. THEN I TRIED TO CONTACT AMAZON CUSTOMER CARE THROUGH CHAT, MAIL AND BY PHONE. ON 8TH OF NOVEMBER I GOT A CALL FROM AMAZON ASKING ME TO PLACE THE ORDER AND THE PERSON WHO CALLED ME ASSURED THAT HE WILL SEE TO IT THE PRODUCT WILL BE DELIVERED WITHIN 4 TO 7 DAYS. ACCORDINGLY I HAVE PLACED ORDER. THE SAME DAY MY ORDER IS CANCELLED WITH THE SAME REASON. NOW I GOT ONLY ACCESSORIES AND NO MAIN ITEM. NOW WHEN I CONTACTED THEM AGAIN THEY WANT ME TO PLACE THE ORDER AGAIN. SHALL I HAVE TO LIVE IN METROS TO GET THIS PRODUCT? IN MY NATIVE TONGUE TELUGU KINDLE MEANS 'JOKE'. BUT THIS JOKE IS VERY BAD"
"excellent product, but now i have a problem at home, my younger son, who is 6 years also wants it, I originally purchased it for my elder son, who is 7 years old. Please purchase the one with back-light, paperwhite, because at times, you tend to read at night and it is very useful. Though I have heard the blue light is not good for eyes especially for kids, which is used for back lighting, but still if you prefer to read at night, one should go for it. The battery is amazing, it runs more than a month with wifi switched off. Thanks"
"Aint bought from Amazon but ... I dont know why still Amazon.in (India) is selling this old tech. crap in India, as Kindly voyage is already in market !!!!! There should be a strict &#34;NO&#34; to buy old kindly edition as they are not even close to new kindly voyage !!!!As the markets have become global , I suggest Amazon stop selling old tech craps to Indian consumer and should treat every customer equal, and publish every product on their site without &#34;Geographical bias&#34; !"
"Guys, the product is damn good but i would like to bring to your notice the pathetic service Amazon is providing in India. It's worse than any cheap e commerce website selling cheap and gaudy products. The guys in the customer service are haughty and wouldn't listen to you at all even if they are at fault.I ordered a Kindle on 18th and paid extra money to get it delivered by 20th. I spent next 5 days frenziedly calling them again and again as i had promised my son that he would get one on his birthday. We were promised call backs those never happened. The moment you show your displeasure the guys disconnect your phone.My son was severely depressed as he was expecting something good on his birthday. Amazon refused to cancel the order even and kept on telling that the packet is on the way. Ultimately after a terrible fight and talking to them for at least one hour on 25th i got the order cancelled. I had to rush to Croma the same day to buy the product as i never wanted to short of expectation in front of my son.Please be careful about this. Benchmark their delivery and you would find them at the lowest rung at least in India.Pathetic services, pathetic customer services."
"It is quite worth the price.Fairly upto the mark but i wonder why its advertised as 4 gb memory as it's only a 3 gb when its displayed.i guess the remaining advertised is eaten up by system."
"Kindle is great and page turning is fast. Very satisfied. But the front side of the device gets scratched quite easily. Also, the web browser is not very capable. Why can't Amazon provide virtual page up/down buttons to scroll pages more easily instead of making users drag from botton to the very top to scroll? This is common sense. Even after so many years of making the Kindle ereaders, why is the browser still 'experimental'?"
"Just got my Kindle, still deciphering its intricacies. Good to hold, very light. As this one is not backlit it is not possible to read in dark but considering the price difference between this and paperwhite this drawback can be overlooked. U can also sideload tonnes of free ebooks from different sites. No glare off the screen whatsoever. It could have done better with a slightly bigger screen though."
"Great product. 4 stars given instead of 5 because of the atrociously high priced original covers !!  If i get a kindle for Rs.6000, I just can convince my mind to go for the original Kindle cover for Rs. 2000 !! 1/3rd the gadget price for a flappy PU faux leather cover.... this is ridiculous !!As for the amazon delivery and the kindle product itself, no problems at all !!"
"It is very good.I bought it 2 months ago.The plus points-Awesome e ink displayCan really read in sunlight well.Built in dictionariesSharp, clear text.You can download files from online and send to your Kindle too!Negative points:The cover is very expensive.. Rs 2000.You can't read it in the dark ( but really, who reads a book in the dark? It's meant to behave like a book, right?Verdict: It's really good, if you do not read it in the dark. Unnecessary to spend the extra 5k on the paperwhite for just the extra led light, which you can get along with an led cover ( these retail for around Rs 3000). All in all, the perfect reading device. I'm giving it 4 just for the ultra expensive cover!"
"I bought this kindle for my hubby last month.. Its super cool.. Nice features,navigation is easier cos of touch. Loved the mat finish which gives a book like feel. The charge lasts for long time.. Totally an amazing reading experience for those who love reading... Thx Amazon for prompt n quality delivery :-)"
"It's been barely 13 months since I purchased this product. The device has stopped working. The customer service folks say that they are not providing service in India. The product's warranty cannot be extended now and the product warranty extension wasn't available when I bought the product. The customer service say that &#34;They are sorry but I cannot use my kindle anymore&#34;. And the reason I buy kindle books is that I can read them on kindle. So that renders me in a state that I throw away all my kindle books along with the kindle or buy another kindle and go through the same cycle again. Thank you Amazon for the wonderful experience. As an ex-employee who worked on the kindle ecosystem I should be particularly thankful."
"Delivery of the product is very fast. The product is very beautiful downloading is very fast. Very happy with the product."
"Amazing gadget for a book lover, it has now become difficult for me to live without it.However, the price difference between the Paperwhite and the normal model is a bit too much. An upgrade to the Paperwhite could be considered if the price difference is reviewed"
"This is for Amazon team, I purchased two kindle's and somehow the transaction not completed, So I ordered another set of two and this time it got delivered. Delivery time and and everything else was fine, when I registered it, first Kindle read 'Vikrant's 3rd kindle and Vikrant's 4th Kindle' , why its pre registered and that too with a number and now I have to give numerous explanations of where are other 2, this is breach of privacy for me, and you cannot pre register a product in my name without my knowledge, it doesnt say anywhere in the product note that it will be registered in my name."
"Kindle Paper white is a real blessing for the readers, just like a book,carry your library along with you everywhere, read in sunlight, I opted kindle without inbuilt light to save 3000RS and thinking that it might be straining eyes.Just keep in mind if you have a PDF collection that for PDF files you can not zoom in /zoom out....... so you need to work it out --- either your convert pdf to word and delete all extra page breaks & spaces, then re convert it to kindle version if the pdf file is in some other language than English then enlarge the font in word file to 18 to 24 and reconvert it to pdf again.The best is to convert files from words format to kindle version, when you convert pdf to those formats there comes unnecessary page breaks which make your reading unpleasant."
"Finally got it. Thanks for making such a great product. I love amazon..."
"Its just perfect... As expected... like a paper with black inkThis is a basic model and it has touchscreen... nothing can beat that, gestures are so intuitive...And don't let the 167 ppi fool you, its great, you cant see the pixels even on the smallest font.People complain that Amazon is not bundling wall charger, etcBut that's just a modular approach... also, you can charge it with android phone's charger or any USBYou can convert your own books (doc, pdf...)  to kindle format by using kindle software on PC (not tried yet)I also ordered a retro-cover for 750/-... super, it has one hand grip (not tested yet)The only thing I would have liked- A hard button to goto Home screen- some more settings.- White color"
"No customer care service number , very difficult to contact amazon at site no address, tollfree available .find great problem in spec.No availability in uttarpradesh"
"I ordered this item on 23rd October as a Birthday gift for my son which falls on 31st Oct. Amazon gave an estimated delivery date of 31st October and gave a tracking number. The status was updated as dispatched at Amazon site and was mentioned as &#34;on schedule&#34;. But the tracking number was reported as invalid by the courier company (Aramex). I called Amazon customer care on 28th October (through chat, mail and over phone) and reported the issue and mentioned that meeting the delivery date is very important for me. But the customer care kept on replying that it is on schedule and it is just that the courier company has not updated the tracking due to their backlog. Also they promised to update the status at Amazon site immediately. They were replying to my mails with template answers.On 31st October, still worried about lack of update on tracking status, called Amazon again. The executive on the line replied that there was a problem with the order and the package was never picked up by Aramex and it is still lying in Amazon. Now she says it would take another 6 working days to send the package which defeats the whole purpose of ordering this item.It is so unbelievable Amazon's logistics have gone low, that too for Amazon's own product. Amazon has failed me big time in this order. This has definitely broken the bubble of illusion I had about Amazon."
"Pathetic Service by this dealer.. over two weeks for a delivery.. is it coming from abroad or what? Don't believe on Gizmos unlimited... Will never by anything for them and ask fellow shoppers to do the same."
"At first, i thought the Kindle is too small in size to replicate the reading experience one gets out of traditional books. But after reading a few books, the size could not be more perfect :).  In short, this handy device offers incredible battery life, an unobtrusive reading experience with the ability to look up words and references instantly. Highly recommended.Price: I paid about 5000 INR  (On Sale) for it, which seems about worth it, but in the future I would expect the basic version to go for lesser.Fav. Feature: I like the feature which tells you how far you are along the book in terms of percentage, however it is irritatingly accompanied by either the location, time remaining in book or time remaining in chapter. I always feel as if the time aspect is trying to hurry me along the book, like eager restauranteurs, 15 minutes before the buffet ends.Accessories: Also ordering a cover for it was a difficult experience for me. Due to my lack of knowledge of the different kindle versions, I ended up ordering the wrong one. But other than this, the device is great!"
"It is a just OK product I personally did not like it The screen should have been an inch more and the background should have been whiteinstead of something gray because pure white background would have reflected more light and moreover it causes strain on the eyes withits dull background and fails to be read upon even if light fades a little and about the features, when amazon saw the importance of providingthe functionality of large fronds it might as well as add this feature to work with the dictionary inbuilt What is the fun of the large fronds whenyou highlight the word and find it in miniature fronds on the dictionary function  If anyone are looking for a strain free reading they better prefera tablet for reading books because a Tab*s inbuilt light can be controlled  for a strain free reading. I also see that the product is a little over pricedbut can compensate for the wonderful services provided by Amazon  along with a huge amt of free books and cloud spaceand one should thank Amazon for that."
"27th Feb'15Hi Amazon Team,Why is there delay still in your revert? Disappointing to note the inordinate delay in providing resolution to the customers from Amazon. Is there any other mode of reaching out to Customer Care department or is there no 'Customer Care' department at all.==================All-New Kindle Wifi ereader 6\" - Purchased on 13th Feb'15.Why is it taking so long for you to investigate this simple issue and revert on the mistake happened at your end.I had opted only for the 'Credit Card with EMI Option' for Rs.4999/- and the monthly EMI works out to Rs.1707.57 X 3 months. However my credit card account has been debited to the full amount Rs.4999/-. Generally in such situations, the full amount will be debited first and then the whole amount would be reversed and credited to the credit card but with the new debit of only the EMI amount. My purchase took place as of 13th Feb'15 with a debit of Rs.4999/- and it remains as it is without appropriate reversal as above.If this is not rectified soon, I will have to approach the Consumer Redressal Forum for adequate compensation, for putting me into so much inconvenience.Please urgently check and let me know on why the reverse credit has not happened so far. I see a huge difference in the customer service between Snapdeal & Amazon.  This is my very first purchase with Amazon and it ends up being a certain disappointment."
"This is my first kindle. I own a lot of gizmos, but never owned a tablet or an ebook reader of any kind simply because I never had the need. My smart phone, laptop or desktop suited my needs just fine and there was never a need for an in-between device. This has now changed as I have found myself reading more ebooks and finding my smart phone screen too small and my laptop too unwieldy and too likely for my short attention span to stray into doing something else other than reading.The good: Opening the box the kindle was smaller than I thought it was going to be, even though I knew the size - it's not a bad thing. Having used it for a while it does feel about right to me. Another thing I was surprised with was the quality of the touchscreen. I was expecting it to be frustrating to use but it was rather pleasant. Further, I thought I was going to feel annoyed at having to touch or swipe the screen instead of using the side buttons as on previous models, but I have actually found myself not minding it.The set up was fairly straight forward and so is the general use of the kindle. Getting around is fairly intuitive for the most part and I think overall the kindle has been put together well (Though for some reason I find myself tapping the centre of the screen to get the navigational menu up instead of at the top of the screen which inadvertently causes me to skip forward. I don't know why I have this inclination, but it's annoyance. Not the kindle's fault at all, merely frustrated at myself).The bad: These are minor gripes, but I still feel I need to state them. Firstly, I'd like the power button at the top of the kindle. It seems really weird to have it at the bottom. Secondly, this isn't as annoying as the first point, but having a home button would be nice too. Having been trained by various smart phones and tablets to use the home button to get to start of something, I think this gripe would be probably shared by most even though it is far from a deal breaker. In any case, neither point is a deal breaker and I'm still really happy with the device.A charger and a screen guard would have been a blessing. Buying them separately pinches your pocket."
"For the one still confused.  So after a research of more than a month and having tons of confusion, I finally decided to buy the Basic kindle 2014 model,which is this. I was dying for the paperwhite. And I had even thought of going for voyage,which maybe released in 4-5 months from now. But due to unavailability of paperwhite in my location I had to stick to Basic. I love reading at night and I used to read on my cell phone. So having paperwhite was the best option. But spending 10k just for an addition of light wasn't reasonable for me. The ppi difference is not so noticable unless u really want to cling to paperwhite. Because then the very minute difference will break ur heart and trust me it will still break when voyage arrives. The performance is best if u intend to just read books and not trouble yourself with experimental browser or large pdfs which might be a little irritable at times,not something that will make u return the product instantly and for that matter u have cell phones and tablets and much better devices to play around. It just serves the purpose of reading and solely just reading. I clearly loved the navigation bar,scrolling from one page to last or any other without loosing the track of the current. Rest u can check and learn from many sites that provides better review. I had just a very minor concern what if I am left abandon in town with no electricity for a week or more which is highly unlike, LOL, reading will be tough in dark, unless u buy a cliplamp, which is quite useful, as the in-built light cover is expensive and will take the total to paperwhite. Rest all I can say is, if paperwhite is expensive to u,don't shy away from the basic, which serves the purpose like a pro. This is my first buy from amazon kindle. So if u want better, go with this one for now and in time u can save enuf for voyage, which even has buttons on it. For those who are having trouble with what ATM card to use, I suggest u get an ICICI or AXIS bank account debit or credit,  and call the company to activate international purchasing. I hope the methods I mentioned above are helpful to anyone interested.  if u find any error or wrong info,  please ignore. U can always Google.LOL. And the 4 star is for lack of light. These people know how to do business."
"I'm an ardent book reader. I bought my Kindle a month ago, and it is by far the best gadget I've ever purchased. The WiFi feature and the e-ink are simply marvellous. Battery life is beyond comparison. On reading minimum 1 and half hours a day, I had to recharge it after a week!It is awesome for PDFs, MOBI files, TXT files and Kindle file format books.The Kindle store also offers more than 60000 titles for free! And the paid books are great too, although the only drawback is that only international credit cards are accepted. :/You can always download books for free from external sources, covert them to Kindle format and store them!The storage space is excellent, so is the interface. Reading PDFs is not that big of a problem, except for the fact that you have to move the document around to read properly. The inbuilt features like dictionary, Wikipedia, Goodreads are marvellous. And surprisingly it also supports an experimental browser!!I'd recommend you buy it ASAP. Amazon's service is one of the best in India. Happy reading!"
"The product is best for reading books in kindle format, it works like a charm. For pdf the landscape orientation helps and is just okay. We can read Hindi books as well; however it all depends how the pdf file was created. More work is needed with experimental browser, it has lot of bugs or say the browser has lot of limitations. The browser opens up the last website that was visited, we don't have option to change. While opening some website the browser closes on its own and when we open it again it reopens the same site. No audio and video can be played means youtube site doesn't work in kindle. No option to share links on facebook. GUI don't have option to do copy paste. From internet we can download only books supporting kindle (azw, azw3, mobi) not pdf. To update software update we need laptop. Battery is okay, I will say it can last for 10days if used for reading. It doesn't have option to shutdown, it remains in standby mode when not it use. This version need external light to work, display is awesome in sunlight (forgot to mention - all display is in black and white colour). Touch is also very good. Go for it if you like to read ebooks."
"Many of the reviews say it all so I don't think I could add much. I bought this as a gift and intended to stock up on some of the favorite books for the recipient so, I used this for sometime and yes there are some difference between my Kindle Fire HD 7 and this.First thing first, THIS KINDLE DOES NOT HAVE A LIGHT!!!!!! It is the basic model with no light. So, if you are into reading books - real paper books, then it will suit you. Just like you cannot read a real book in the dark, this kindle will be fine ONLY if you do not intend to read in the dark. If you want a kindle with built in light, then go for the Paperwhite!Next, I can't come in terms with how light it is. It is truly lighter than most paperback books at 191 grams so that you can comfortably hold Kindle in one hand for long reading sessions.The software is great, similar to the Kindle Fire HD 7. It's quick, has any feature you could ask for from an entry level Kindle. Has built in dictionary so that when you see a word on the page you don't know, all you have to do is touch it with your finger and a dictionary pops up giving you the definition.All in all a great buy!"
"Not working for large books.I added a few books in that only small one's with less pages is working but books with more than 300,400 page is getting stucked."
"Better than paperwhite. Paperwhite has some glare (Negligible but it is there) which may give strain to your eyes after long time reading but all new kindle is perfectly glare-free. If you don't want to read book in the dark night (without any light), I recommend All New Kindle. If you wanna read in dark night then All new kindle is of no use."
"Pros:Brilllliant under sunlight.This is excellent for reading.I m loving it.I have seen suggestions that the prev generation with physical buttons was a better choice.I haven't used the old one, but this touch version gives a different feel altogether.You need to read the user guide once to tap at the right places for scrolling between pages or going to home menu.I converted technical pdfs to kindle format using open source software. The re-layout was at least 80 % perfect. But that should be enough if you consider other pros like ' no strain on the eyes' , 'light weight' .Cons:I tried to read some sample comic books. But the page refresh was not smooth and not brilliant.I am not a big reader of comic books. not disappointed.Brightness is not adjustable.But that means the lighting is not enough. Switch on more lights... LED lights don't consume power anyways"
"Worst ever experienceAfter 12 days of battle with blue dart courrier and Amazon helpline, personally collected the kindle from office of Blue dart.No time for door delivery.Forget door delivery, false message that customer has rescheduled delivery that also twice.Ultimately customer is biggest fool.ThanksDr Paresh Patil"
"The Amazon kindle glarefree touchscreen is a must buy. It's a brilliant catch at this price. Reading is quite easy on it and the weight is also quite light. The only problem is that in order to buy books, you have to use one step payment method. They don't support the two step payment method provided by most of the debit cards."
"Got mine about a week back and I see the price slashed by INR 1000, and on top of that a 10% cashback on HDFC cards! Hence, disappointed with the purchase. Being a regular customer, would have been good to be notified about this. Did not expect this kind of a discount on a signature product. Any refunds/ Amazon credits planned?"
"I have been using my Kindle for over a month and I would want to sum up my experience in just a few words; If you happen to be a voracious biblophile and books and only books can make you orgasm, well just cold-shoulder whatever discouraging comment you read here and buy it. Because should you deprive yourself of this heavenly device, you are sure to regret. I can bet on that!"
"I simply loved this product. Its perfectly sized for reading books. Gives you feeling close to reading a real book. Everything that Amazon claims thru ads is true. I am yet to explore the product fully but sure of satisfaction. Kindle is amazingly ergonomic, but you need to buy a flip cover to protect its screen. I am ordering it right away.People who are looking for tablets should simply look out for other options. Kindle is not a product for them. For readers this just what they need. Free books collection is simply waste from my view. But I am sure that person buying Kindle will definitely purchase books.If you are not a person regularly reading books at night, you may go for Kindle touch instead of Paperwhite.I received the product within 24 hours of order. Best price for Indian customers. Full marks to Amazon on every front."
"I purchased this device on 26th and was delivered on 28th, Amazon's delivery service is top notch.I am not an avid reader, although I do read sometime in between. I was a bit sceptical about this e-reader and my concerns were - built quality, portability, library eco-system, readability and charge-discharge time. Following is my take on these concerns -1. Built quality - It's not bad, black monolithic plastic with textured back for a better grip. It's not a premium device and considering the price point I would rate it four stars on build. The Kindle logo at front and the Amazon logo at back are barely visible from distance as they are carbon black etched on a carbon black background.2. Portability - It weighs less than 200 grams, that's about 4 medium size eggs. It's definitely lighter than most paperbacks and Kindle paperwhite (about 15 grams less). It's also easy to hold with thick bezels around. Flipping page is easier than up voting this review.3. Library - Amazon provides 3 million !!! books for kindle device. About 30,000 are FREE** ! Many classics such as Moby Dick, The Great Gatsby, Call of The Wild are absolutely free. Moreover huge discounts are available on kindle edition books and some of them are available at less than a dollar such as George Orwell's collection.4. Readability - The e-ink display has a mediocre density, around 167 but it's good enough for reading books. The contrast is not adjustable except for the pdf files. But the contrast is fine for most well lighted environments such as at night under a 40 watt tube light in a 12x12 room, It's easy to read. Even better, it does not strain your eyes, you can read it for hours without fatigue.5. Stamina - I haven't charged it yet after opening it from the box, battery backup is good. It would be well over a week* with about 3 or 4 hours of reading a day.Comparison with paperwhite -1. You can't read it in dark, unlike paperwhite.2. It's slightly lighter than paperwhite.3. Battery backup is lower than paperwhite, although it's over a week so it's not a serious drawback.4. Both kindle share same ecosystem.5. Other than light and battery there is no major difference. (Paperwhite is slightly slim in all dimensions.)Did it change my habit ?Though I enjoyed reading on Kindle but it's too early to say. But I would recommend it to every one of the living soul who is looking for a device to read ( not a tab, or any phablet but the kindle.)Update on 5th Jan -* After using it for 9 days their is still some juice left.** I recently downloaded 58 public domain books from Kindle store free of charge. Market value of these print books is more than Kindle's  selling price."
"This review is not just for kindle but for entire ebook species...Book reading  becomes seriously awsum..wsh i cud hav got it mch before and  i cud transform all my books into ebooks...Regarding paperwhite vs this..just go for this one..#compare amazon' sales rank of both products#dont spend 4k for just backlight wen u can get clip-ons @flipkart @rs.399 only#more or less same features"
"The quality and fit of the product was not as mentioned. There was delay of 4 days in delivering the parcel and that too finally I had to myself go to the local courier office to get the item."
"Excellent device for long readings, particularly in sunlight it looks like a paper and proves how different it is from the tablets.You can even read newspapers in ebook format(there are softwares to download days paper or feeds as ebook).Experimental browser is good enough to browse through simple sites, and the 'article mode' option transforms the articles on website in a clutter free reading experience. It does not handle heavy websites that well, which is in a way good that you won't get off track ;-) (Tip: turn off javascript for faster browsing)The handy dictionary, wikipedia reference are actually very beneficial while reading.The battery backup is so good that you will forget that it is an electronic device.I don't miss the backlight because I never read a book in dark :-DIt is definitely worth!"
"My hunger for reading books was met with Kindle. Product came with nice packaging.But only regret was a smudge on the left side of the cover, might be manufacture defect. But other than that product was awesome.Reducing the cupboard size and maintaining all my collection in my hand."
"It's been two days since i got my Kindle, have always loved books, and if paper weren't made by cutting trees i would never have even considered this product. But to be honest, it really does come close to a paper experience, and it ought to be made clear that if you're looking to read in dimly lit places then this isn't for you. In fact, i bought this for the same reason, i don't want to be encouraged to read in darkness, this is perfect, acts like a real book, read it while you have optimal lighting, and then put it away. Save your eyes and enjoy the vast library of reading. It's light-weight and with this new processor you can barely feel a split second lag when turning pages. Love the instant dictionary option as well. Altogether a very happy customer, would definitely recommend to environment conscious book lovers :-)"
"This device has added mobility to my library. That is the greatest strategic advantage that I foresaw. For a while I toyed the idea of buying a tab vs. kindle. Finally settled for kindle as my main objective was to read. I felt that the problem with a tab would be frequent distractions as it happens on my cell phone. I can avoid that with my kindle. Who wants to check facebook posts on gray scale? Although kindle provides that option. Another fact that I noticed is that Amazon.in has an amazing collection of kindle book titles. All of them are priced significantly lower than their paperback/hard-cover avatars. I intend to do some heavy reading over the next couple of years and Kindle with its low weight and long battery life and recurring savings on book purchase seemed just the right choice."
"Fraud!!! They delivered me an empty box only power cord in it there was no kindle!! The seal of the box was also broken!! Such a shame from this online shopping giant!! I dont trust these people any more even fulfilled by amazon products are fraudulent.. Would have given 0/star if there was an option"
"Love it every bit as it, but given the low-power nature of this device, it could have been so more had Amazon continued with it's active-content program. At minimum some basic games (sudoku, 2048...), a calculator, a note-taker would've been great. Also the ability to password protect content, s.a. setting it up in a child-friendly mode where when the device is used by child, the list of books available to him/her is restricted. Finally, I am a bit dissapointed with Indian content. I wanted my son to be able to read some Hindi, Kannada children's books (age appropriate) on it, but find nothing. Nothing that I can search easily. Of course, this device doesn't have backlight -- it'd have scavenged paperwhite sales, but it's nothing too hard to solve :). I've got a clip-on reading light."
"I just love this product..it suits my requirements like a dream..no backlight so no glare,screen looks like paper,print is crisp ans sharp and better than actual ink,lightweight,lots of memory,good wi fi connectivity and smooth as butter touchscreen..in short-a bookworm's paradise..even the pdf reader is pretty amazingOnly down side to my purchase was the delivery..while ordering the EDD shown to me was 4-7 days..it turned out to be 9 days..even then it was late..i ordered it on 30th nov and got the delivery on 11th dec..the shipment arrived in kolkata on the 3rd and yet after that it took me 8 days to receive it..blue dart always had the same excuse-&#34;huge backlog&#34; and repeated complaints to amazon made no difference..i would advise amazon to never use blue dart..otherwise great prodect..book lovers go for it"
"As I love to read and has been using Kindle on my tab/phone for quite sometime, I thought of buying a Kindle device to enhance my reading experience. As I already have Android tab and smartphone, I thought of buying the lower end kindle (Rs. 5999) and bought from store Reliance Digital. However, as I am using it for last 2 days, I feel I have made a mistake of buying this model as the display is extremely dim. It is impossible to read without a good light source like a reading lamp focusing on it. People having specs may have more difficulty and fatigue. I searched on the net and understand that since there is no back-light, it is like this and no way you can adjust the brightness. My suggestion would be to not buy this and go for paperwhite if you can spend Rs. 10999."
"I have a Kindle PaperWhite for myself, and really love it (It's my third Kindle).I bought this variant for my nine year old nephew who's just started reading. I didn't want to spend too much for the PaperWhite, and opted for this. My previous generation Kindles weren't backlit and I was totally fine with that (PaperWhite wasn't introduced till then, so I had no option).I guess that stays. This All-New Kindle is almost like the PaperWhite apart from the backlit display. So, yes, like read when it's dark and that isn't a problem at home, and only hurts when he wants to read on evening drives or commutes. With the cost advantage, that's a fair trade-off I guess. Like all Kindles, it's a great device with solid build quality."
"This product is 60$ listed at Amazon US.  60$= 3800 Rd.  Why is the price 6000 Rd?"
"It works like a charm so far. It is a very well designed machine.Here are two things that I wish Amazon would improve upon.1) Hard keys to turn the page: I had a Kindle keyboard before this and I found that it was much easier to turn pages on it than it is on my new touchscreen. Touching the screen repeatedly is boring if the book is very long.2) Zoom: Since this is a touchscreen, why should there be fixed zoom ratios? Here is an analogy. If I want to zoom from 1X, the next best option Amazon gives me 1.5X. What if 1.234X suits my needs perfectly. This is similar to a fan's regulators. You can have fixed levels or you can have a gradual change from maximum to minimum."
"This is my experience using All-New Kindle after unpacking it and using it for two hours. :)1) My windows 8.1 PC recognized the Kindle device without any problems. So I didn't have to go through the hassle of entering my Kindle account info to the device.2) The device was fully charged within half an hour. The light turned to green so fast that I was surprised.3) All my purchased books were already available in the cloud. Downloading to the device was a breeze.4) Went to the NYT site to try out the experimental browser and found it to be not worth the effort. :)5) All the acclaimed features of Kindle are working perfectly - I am keeping this for ever."
"Giving 4 Stars just because prices were dropped (in form of sale) by Rs. 1000 the day I received the order.I had opened it by then,so could not return.Deliver was done in just 1 day even on normal delivery speed.Top class product."
"It was amazing.The product is Good.The value for the product.For 6k you wont get kindle with touch.Please don't go for Paper white with Rs 13000 and Rs 10000 kindles.This is sufficient. All New Kindle glare free.As we go for higher end again social network pulls and makes you not read the book pleasantly.There is a small disadvantage We can read the kindle with out light focused on the kindle.After getting the kindle i forget/neglect  to carry smart phone . The delivery was in right time."
"Got it last week...very disappointed at the screen visibility. I had a Paperwhite earlier which was unfortunately misplaced. So I decided to try the cheaper option for the second one. This one is a complete loss - and I am surprised that just because it is not a Paperwhite, the screen looks so terrible and hurts the eyes. Amazon shouldn't have any other Kindle if not Paperwhite models. You can just call this one by any name, but it is just so terrible for reading in low light. I would have never bought it if I had ever seen this product in a store. My bad of course....I must learn to read all the &#34;nuances&#34; in the specs. :("
"I bought the device yesterday, and I had a paperwhite before. But I suggest you to go for paperwhite because of no back light and blinking while flipping the pages is too much. But amazon service was excellent."
"Dear Fellow Amazon customers,I am a third-time Amazon customer who has finally purchased the Kindle 6-inch Reader Glare-free touchscreen online, with the Elite Sleek Flip Case.I must appreciate Amazon for the impeccable product and delivery from start to finish. The Kindle is stunning- lightweight (200g), easy to handle and is truly the world in your pocket.It comes with a charger  which you can use on your computer.You will need an adaptor to charge it otherwise.  The Elite sleek flipcase I got in black is a perfect fit and aesthetically pleasing. So if you enjoy reading, do gift yourself this wonderful device."
"A great E-Reader, and I'm only starting to learn to use the great details of it.Actually, until last month I never cared about e-readers like Kindle. Simply because I have great experiences with reading E-books on my MacBook and Sony Mobile.BUT 6 weeks ago I saw a Kindle close-up with a friend of mine! Well, for reading books this is really great and special. And with the ALL NEW KINDLE (touchscreen) there are so many useful features ...  This is the best thing for reading books. And more so if you are out and about much of the time.Just started using it. But I'm going to love the Kindle."
"Really i purchased it to try and give it back  but i love it most that i can't do it , i can't read books long time in my mac due to distractions like mail or messages but now i can read where ever i want and that to with out distractions, sorry jam not returning this piece to amazon i want it ,thanks to amazon for offering try it schemei really enjoying this product and i suggest u reads book can go for itpdf is excellent and better than book because u have dictionary which is not available in books itself and size and conformability of carrying and all u have to do is just buy it"
"i  had ordered All-New Kindle Wifi ereader, 6&#34; but when I received the Kindle, I found its touch screen was not working properly.I could not press the home button, drop down options menu. I was kind of frustrated. I had even restarted the device many times but all gone gone in vain. I realized that it was manufacturing defect. I was very sad. I immediately called for return of product and refund.Amazon's service for processing of refund was very bad as it took very long time. I had even registered a complaint but the asked me to wait only.I hope this doesn't happen with anyone."
"Apart from the usual feedbacks updated by other reviewers I would like to add the biggest con that I have found with Kindle...Amazon. Com doesn't allow Indian users to purchase kindle ebooks using a debit/credit card containing a 3-digit CVV number. This is quiet a bummer since all cards in India come with a CVV number.@Amazon: If you can't facilitate such purchases then what is the point in promoting kindle in India?? Please do something about it."
"The reading experience is good.But unfortunately the experience longs for only two months. Now suddenly the home page of the device is not coming.An error message reading 'the application could not be started please try again' is appearing.So now the device is unusable.Amazon's kindle store policy is very bad. very few good books can be read for free. The device does not support e-books which are not purchased from amazon kindle store.Despite it's reading experience was pleasurable for few days, my sincere advice to all who are looking for it is .... Don't Buy it!!"
"Hi guys..amazon is hopeless....they say it is earths most customer centric company, which is a myth...i ordered all new kindle reader on 14th of october (11.00 AM)and after the order is placed i requested the earths customer centric team to deliver it to me before diwali and in return they promised me i'll be getting my item before 22nd october 2014. And today is 2nd november 2014 i didnt have any idea about the item..may be amazon planned it to be a gift for next diwali...Thanq amazon team for the support and a wonderful diwali gift...amazon may be a multi billion dollar company but u should give value to our hardearned small money...thanq guys"
"Just like having all your books,pdf in one photoframe!i think 6000 is bit higher but it can be really productive if we use it well.No other distraction which we have on laptop,tablet or mobile phone while reading.Reading exactly feels like on real paper.There is really no need of spending 5000 extra for inbuilt light. pretty good to read at night with room light like reading real book.so if your priority is reading this is really good to have. the best thing about it is its battery life. i hated that i have to keep charging tablet everyday."
"Sure, the kindle paper white is so worthy and enhances the interest for reading. But, there is one main drawback is that it doesnot support pdf formats properly. That too with 6 inch display, it is not at all possible to read conveniently. But, pdf formats may be converted to Mobi or awz formats by third party softwares, but only problem is that pdf files which contain tables & diagrams/formulas, they get bifurcated and do not look good and tough to understand the format.However, kindle paperwhite is a good e book reader for ebooks only . (but not pdf s)."
"Wonderful device for reading. Outdoor reading is  a great experience. My reading speed is improved  considerably with this device.Note making is possible only within a book on the highlighted text, I wish a stand alone notes application can be a good addition.Under a artificial room light reader feels very dull and dark.Within a month I was able to  complete 7 books.  I love this device, should there be a upgrading option to paperwhite  with a minimal pay then definately i will definately grab it. Till the time I am enjoying this."
"The contrast is not good enough -- take a look at the pronunciation symbols in the English dictionary and you will see why I say so. The page turn is jerky and not smooth enough; in the Kindle application on my smartphone it is so pleasing -- just like how a page turns in a physical book. Why couldn't the same page turn be set up in the device too?!And why doesn't it support colour?The Kindle applications on my laptop and smartphone are just perfect; and so I had hoped for the same performance from the device. I must say I am disappointed."
"Awesome built. A must for everyone who loves reading.Crisp screen. Lightweight and excellent touch.Amazing deal on Amazon at 4250 only!!!Go for it."
"It perfectly met my expectations and works as advertised.If you are a frequent traveller then carrying several books is not very easy, then this is certainly good choice, it can be easily held in one hand for hours and does not strain the eyes too much.  However, after buying and using it to read several books, i realize that it does not even come close to the fulfillment attained on reading a real bound book, the tactile contact, the slightly yellowed pages gives a unique feeling.Finally, yes I would recommend it to a friend."
"I broke my Kindle Paperwhite and got this as a replacement. While it does the same things on the overall, I am severely disappointed by the lack of a backlit screen, to the point that I'm inclined to read less because I don't want to put a headlamp on to read in the dark. Seems like a major feature this should have and if I'd known this was missing before the fact, I wouldn't have bought it.Otherwise, the screen quality under daylight is solid, responsiveness is a little bit better than the Paperwhite. Build quality is ok but feels cheap."
"I used to read lot on my iPad. But I have to confess, since i purchased Kindle, I have completely stopped reading on iPad. This is made for reading, without putting strain on the eyes. Amazing product, light weight, very good built quality (one would expect from Amazon off course). It feels just like book. But i would like one small problem to be sorted, while in landscape mode the text should be rotatable in both directions, in that way a right hander (like most people are !) would read more comfortably by holding the device on the wider edge."
"I was quite unsure about buying an e-reader because i can't read on electronic devices for a long period of time. This product, however, is different from a tablet and very comfortable and easy on the eye,  it feels as good as a book. The size of the unit perfect to hold in hand and easy to travel with. The battery life is quite impressive. The only con for this product is that you cannot read it in a room where lights are switched off or where its completely dark. Otherwise, excellent product, especially for people who like reading books."
"I got it just an hour ago. I was extremely excited for it. I have used it for a while and the experience is awesome. There no better reading device than this one. It doesn't give a slightest strain and looks beautiful. Those who complain that it doesn't have light or it is black and white should have read about it before buying and should know it is for READING. If you want to play asphalt 8 or temple run buy some tablet. I know it a bit costly but it is imported and right now the demand is scarce, hence it cannot be as cheap as in America"
"It's an amazing device for reading books. It is so light-weight that it feels moving with thousand books inside your pocket. Readability is awesome without any sorts of eye-strain. Purely product wise, it's surely a 5 star but I give it 4 star because of shipment delay by Amazon. The shipping process especially time taken to deliver is a little bit disappointing. Otherwise, it's more than worth buying this Kindle and suddenly it will become your first lover unless you already have one. Many many thanks to Amazon for this product."
"First of all look and feel of the device is graceful....it is light and display is really eyecatching.....important thing is when you see the device from a distance it looks as it describes(made for books)......if you dont care about having backlight.....Trust me guys this is an amazing Buy for an e-reader......every feature is worth the hype.....Silent winner overall...."
"I love the Kindle- I have had mine for 1 month now. The screen is very good - I can even read in very dim light, which is awesome. Storage capacity is great. I love that I can mark passages, make notes and even do a little browsing. I usually keep the wi-fi off, and this saves the battery. I can't remember the last time I charged it, perhaps 2 or more weeks ago. 2 downsides to the Kindle:1. No audiobook possibility2. Finding a cover for this is tough (read:expensive), and I am worried about scratching/breaking."
"I am an avid reader and seemingly a fan of kindle. All is well as long as the kindle is working perfectly.once it gets having some glitches we are left with no help in India for the repairs of the same.i had to talk to a toll free number in the us, though he was very accommodative there was nothing that can be done in India as regard to repairs. I am presently using an old version of kindle, wish to upgrade to the new kindle/paper white but........... Service issues haunt me...........Amazon hope you are reading!!!!!!!!!!"
"I've been using it for the past three weeks and so far it's working really good. You'll enjoy reading on it. Feels like real paper and it's very easy to look up meanings. A pleasure to read. I've found that the amount of stuff I read now has increased because of the convenience. A value buy I'd say.Only con I felt is the difficulty of purchasing kindle e-books. The process is not straightforward and requires you to move to amazon.com and then your card needs to be internationally enabled to make the purchase."
"Screen is not sufficient , i did not feel comfortable.  So i have returned the item. It is similar to reading ebook in my mobile, so i felt better reading in my laptop."
"It is a wonderful product. It brings back my habit of reading during my childhood days.What it lacks is colour.It is always in B&W in this colourful world. It is one minus point.The other is, you cannot read it in less or no light, like a book.We can spare some battery power for colour and back light. Nothing wrong in it.Today's technology should take of it. Higher models may have these drawing more money.But,these should be in basic models itself. Otherwise it is a marvellous product."
"Good delivery system. Value for money. Received the product in two days. Pros: easy on eyes. Very light. Fits in the hand good  grip. I am not getting much time to read but can you believe that it has been more than 30 days since I charged the battery. It still has juice left in it. Cons: the only thing I miss is we can't read if there is no light. So if you read a lot at night and don't want all the room illuminated with light or if you travel a lot and want to read in a bus or train at night go for paperwhite."
"For the price it is very good buy.It is easy to hold&bread.Its new avatar of touch screen operation is welcome.Having said this for people who travel often&voracious readers paper white could be even better.I am still discovering and will add more later.Once again,if you have a wifi source at home and want some thing economical this is it!"
"Its really a very nice product. In these days of FB, Twitter and other social networking sites and hundreds of devices such as Tabs, iPads, smartphone, if you really want to have or gift someone something of substance, that which can be used for development of knowledge this is just the device.Two weeks into using this but could not find a flaw. Easy buying of books through Amazon, great collection of good books, you just download 1 click and start reading.A must have if you love reading."
"Perfect for reading, same as physical book.plus:light weight, glare free, charging lasts for weeks. Drawback: touch sometime is annoying, at.times.changes the page when you change your posture, touch is so sensitive that it.changes page when a bee or fly sits on the page-fumny but annoying. Also, best suited.if you are buying books.from amazon, converted.PDF books not rendered.properly, nightmare when there are.tables.or drawings.on pages. Overall- I would.recommend if  you are buying books.from Amazon."
"The item was shipped as before the declared date of delivery. But it too five days, I felt it as very long compared to other goods which are delivered by Amazon.Coming to the product it is very good, the touch feature is awesome. I had experience with  previous generation Kindle before this, compared to that it is slightly heavy but we can get use to it.Integrating good reads with is a good choice. Inbuilt dictionary, X-Ray and Wikipedia access are good features.Having a good reading experience."
"no backlight...disappointingpdf readability is poor...2-stage authentication while purchasing the books is not possibleunable to purchase books"
"It is really value for money. But it does not make sense to buy a case for Rs. 2000+ for a Kindle device that I bought for Rs. 6000. Please offer a case that I  could buy or I could go to a tailor and make one out of silk"
"The All New Kindle is well designed and very comfortable to hold and to read, with its facility to change font size and line spacing. In fact it is more comfortable than reading a physical book. The dictionaries and Wikipedia are added advantages. One inadequacy is the inability to create lists of books in the device according to genre. Yes, this is the basic model, yet this is a basic requirement, which can be taken care of by an appropriate update. Then it will get the remaining star as well."
"Amazon was running an offer to take back Kindle within 15 days, if didn't like it. I thought I would give a try. Since I received the Kindle, it rekindled my reading habit and with its easy to read interface and glare free screen, I fell in love.After a month of its arrival, I have read 4 books on it and way ahead of my new year resolution of completing 24 books in this year.I read wherever possible with Kindle, on the bus to work, on the couch and even in the bathroom!"
"I thought back light will be there but could not read in night without light.  Little bit disappointed otherwise nice companion to read veracious readers."
"Absolutely worth the money. Much better reading experience then reading on tablets or smartphones. It's light. Charges quickly and battery lasts for days. Has a feature called vocabulary builder which stores all the words you have looked up on the in-built dictionary which is very convenient for those like me who have aggressively average memory. Good build quality.There is no reason not to buy it unless you don't read, which is bad for your brain, so start reading."
"Finally decided to buy the kindle after using the kindle app on the iPad. The iPad is too heavy to use specifically for reading, particularly in the night when one is winding down. The kindle is light and does not strain the eyes. I was surprised to see that it found my name and kindle ebooks  without me even typing in a password or username. I got cracking with reading a book and was pleasantly surprised to see how easy it is to use all its features. Certainly worth the money."
"Kindle is an amazing product....I urge everyone to actually buy the product from amazon itself. I had purchased the product from croma store on 17th December for 5999/- & the price got dropped by Rs. 1000/ on 19th to Rs. 4999/, (the same price change occurred on amazon also). They refused to refund the price difference in form of store credit, as is the policy on amazon...Had my experience with the 'Penny Pinchers', should have sticked with amazon!!"
"lot of new gadgets have come better than this with the facility of reading all kinds of formats like pdf, doc,docx etc..  I feel there should be a facility to upload free e-books through PC inview of the weak mobile wifi network connections in deep rural areas.  Amazon should despatch e-reader with pre loaded free e-books.  popularity increased when people start experiencing e-reader and demand new books comes though not immediately but after some time."
"Good product,Value for money,But, I missed the inbuilt light the most.When you read at different places , like waiting halls, lounges, etc while waiting, Don't expect perfect lighting condition for your that perticular seat.You will need inbuilt light to compensate.Hence I preferred the \"Paperwhite\"Otherwise, for those who want to read it at their place under perfect lighting condition,It's a good product"
"A lovely product that has revived my urge to reading. With several of the classics available for free, it is worth every penny invested!"
"Had pre-ordered this 7th generation Kindle and got it delivered on 13th October. The delivery from Amazon was awesome and the packaging was very good. The Kindle itself is a very good device and being my first one, it is as per my expectations.The size and weight of the device feels absolutely perfect and comfortable for long reading. The glare-free e-ink display is wonderful to read for long hours without any eye strain. After using the back-lit LCDs of desktop, laptop and smartphone all day long, the e-ink screen is a blessing on the eyes. Reads just a like a book, in sunlight or in artificial light.The touch screen is very responsive. Page turns and refreshes at a good speed and turning the device on/off/standby is a breeze. Can't comment on the battery life since its only 5 days. All other features are true and good as advertised by Amazon.Kindle lovers and avid readers will certainly appreciate this device, but the reason I am writing this review is because of all the atrocious and baseless reviews being displayed here:1) Many people have posted reviews here without even purchasing/using this product.2) Some have labelled it as too costly. It's costly if you're not an avid reader and if you're comparing it with cheap low quality tablets. If you want a tablet, go buy a tablet. E-readers are strictly for (e-)book lovers.3) Lot of morons have complained about the lack of screen lighting on this device. The Kindle Paperwhite has a front light illuminating the screen. This is the basic version of the Kindle and has no screen light. Nowhere in the product page has it mentioned that this device has a screen light, I don't understand why people are complaining. Have you not read the product specifications completely/correctly? Do you purchase a Rs.6000 device on a whim without doing prior research? Go to the Kindle Paperwhite product page, the words &#34;Next-generation built-in light&#34; is mentioned in the description. This basic Kindle doesn't say/advertise anywhere that it has a built-in light. Then why all this confusion and hullabaloo?This is an awesome product from Amazon and lives up to all expectations as advertised. Use the software Calibre to convert files to .mobi or .azw3 formats so you can read non-supported formats on Kindle. Keep reading and enjoy the device!!!"
"Simply awesome. Feels same as a book. Easy to hold,  lightweight and easy on the eyes. Very good investment if you are an avid reader."
"It is awesome but if u don't like black and white screen and want ur book covers to have its real color then go for kindle fire..... But let me tell if u want to buy a tablet go buy an iPad (in which u can download the kindle app and download books and have ) but u sorely want to sorely buy an e-reader then go for all new kindle for 6k .... it's awesome for its price and the delivery was fast too.."
"Hii all....About this product...This product is awesome....Bt it lacks some important features...It was built specially for PDF files n reading proposes... You will be surprise to know that I was not able to download the PDF file from the website.... It was written there-this PDF file is not supported for download in Kindle...!!!Also, it lacks this feature...In Kindle, it is not possible to scroll up n down inside the website...for eg.U can see in the Meritnation.comSince I'm a student.....It is not suitable for me for the studies....Otherwise, this product is totally awesome and the screen is fantastic n jst like a paper... Must say... Thanks.."
"This device is perfect. I am tech freak, and this device has been upto my expectations. I am using kindle for one month now and I have just charged it twice. It has drastically increased my reading capability and my hunger to read books. I ll recommend it to my friends anytime.Plus, you can flaunt this 6k device. People will go  &#34;ooooo&#34; when you tell them the technology behind the screen!"
"i bought this as a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it! I love it too :) thanks to family Id linking, both of us can read a book after purchasing instead of having to spend twice the amount on a single book. Very happy with the purchase. It reads just like a book and has very little glare - I noticed there was some reflection when I tried to read under a tube light but that is also minimal."
"Screen is too dull & bit difficult to read. Information about not having brightness adjustment is missing in the description. Suggest not buying this for the reason that screen is too dull & contrast is too low."
"Pros : Almost same as the previous version and PDF reading is easier since there is touch screenCons : The device thickness is little large than the previous one Kind of difficult to hold if you had hold the previous version  (Thin one) before.The screen in not symmetric if you are reading in landscape mode,Internal memory is 3GB instead of 4GB(What they said in the ad!!)"
"I sure hope Amazon would make a color version or atleast make Kindle FIre HD available in India. The black n white is not appealing to my kids at all. It was a big let down for them. However, I find it a great e-tool and personally like it. There is one problem though, we can magnify the font size but cannot magnify the images in a book :(- I would recommend this product to adults and not kids."
"Nice product with in-line dictionary and also there are provisions for  detailed searching when you encounter new words.Ergonomics is good.Readability is OK but one cannot read with this in dark.Almost all books are covered in Kindle e-book market with slightly relaxed price or in some cases heavily discounted prices.So yes, if you are a budget user and an avid consumer of books,Go for it!"
"The Kindle is a great mode of spending your leisure time. I have just bought it and its too early to review it. All the same I thought there would be  a few free books which could be listed when you switch on the Kindle and I would be very happy if someone tell me how to go about it. The flip cover I bought was a disaster as it did not fit and I think I have lost my money. Its a shame."
"Superb! I was not confident when I purchased this product. Post purchase, I regret why I delayed it so long. Excellent product. Only suggestion is if you want to read without disturbing your family please go for Paperwhilte with light facility. I recommend this product to each and every reader. Yes, for those who still go for pirated copies in pdf form, it may not give good feeling as converting file format changes the fonts and formatting. My humble request to all readers to go for original copy as a token of respect to writers."
"Loved the product...was disappointed that it was available for 1000 rupees less just 15-20 days from launch date."
"its so cute i have earlier purchased kindle ink6,previous generation kindle, and i also purchased all new kindle 6 glare free touchscreen display, its awesome and working is very good i have gifted this to my son who is studying 10th standard, it is very usefull for students and professionals like advocates ........all the books are in their finger tips, thankful to amazon"
"This is an amazing device for the ones who love to read. I was apprehensive about the readability but to my surprise this comes with a glarefree screen and hence its so convenient that you can read on for hours without straining your eyes. Plus you have the ability to increase and decrease the font and many other features which comes very handy. Very good device to have!"
"I brought the product during GOSF for Rs. 4999 along with 10 % HDFC Cash back offer.It took 5 days for amazon to deliver the product.Some of the pros are-1. Glare free and optimum size screen.2. Parental Controls feature is amazing if your kindle is used by children/others, where we can restrict access to the Kindle Store.3. Plenty of books available at Kindle store at discounted price.4. Huge battery life when compared to other mobiles/tablets.5. Dictionary meanings of the words are available just by clicking the words.Some of the cons are-1. Kindle doesn&#8217;t support many eBooks format and even PDF viewing is not pleasing. If you have already purchased eBooks from other sources in non-kindle supported format, you will have to convert them by using Send-to-Kindle.2. If you love to read at night, then you will require an external source of light.Obviously the smell of paper book is missing, but overall a great product for this Price, considering that I get my Cash back from HDFC soon. :-)"
"Very good product, easy to use and awesome looks!But I was unable to purchase any book because the kindle wasn't accepting my Debit card. I tried with other cards but none was successful! Amazon dissappointed me with this non purchasable thing! We get 100 books free but those which I want to read needs to be purchased so it was not possible for me to buy them!"
"This is our second Kindle device (first one is a paper white). No surprises though. This one does not have a backlight and hence no control knobs. works fine and is being put to good use from day 1. For the price (5k) this is a great value and we are not seeing the reduced screen resolution as a big deal aka paper white. good packaging, prompt delivery as expected."
"Just got my kindle this afternoon. Could hardly spend few minutes with it as I had to rush out...but the frustration was that it kept showing with German books. I lived in Germany and made Amazon purchases while there...about 10 years ago.Anyways...I will figure it out I am sure but for now its a 3 star as I am pissed! Perhaps its a better product than that."
"Excellent service by Amazon... as usual.The device is just what I needed. Great display, no eye strain and easy access to dictionary.Just one thing to be taken care of.. you can add books from to your kindle from a computer.But while deleting, delete it from the kindle itself. Else the kindle won't know if the memory has to be freed or not..."
"Device is amazing but market and collection is quite depressing for native reading.if we transfere our own pdf books in it ,we cannot enlarge the font size because it do not adjust page size according increased font size if books are not buyed from its own market . This monopoly is not good .amazon should allow other seller to sell their books in its market."
"Best at this price tag in India and if you like reading then you'll love it.I got it at 4999 on GOSF."
"It was as per expected but I suggest Amazon to avail some more accessible free e-books for the customers."
"This is an amazing product. I felt prior to buying it that it's just another hyped thing but its not. Its light weight, easy on the eyes, and very conveniant for reading books. One the most value for money products I have bought. I'm enjoying reading all the childhood classics that I wanted to read but couldn't because has no space to keep them."
"It's a good ereader which offers all the function it says but the only downside is its price. In USA the price for same model is very low (Indian Kindles aren't manufactured in USA so they can't even say that the high cost is due to transportation charges ). Amazon has a habit of looting Indian customers, and we  customers liked to be looted."
"Nicely bundled reading device. Handy and hassle free. A must have for everyone. My son also developed reading habit using the all new kindle. Best is when you are traveling and you have all the time and your books travel with you. The only flip side: it does not have backlight. It should be configured in all the readers as a standard feature."
"The infrared screen is brilliant and can be operated using pen as well. The upgraded OS offers all the goodies like XRay, Word wise etc to this device. Speed is good. Readability is so close to the experience of reading a book. I personally did not want my kindle to have light so bought this device and I feel it is a brilliant choice."
"Totally disappointed. No brightness control. Poor readability. Any tab is much better. Screen size is an issue. Also other vompatibility problems."
"Pros -1) Light Weight2) Easy to activate product3) Ease of Reading4) Can hold many books5) Good Battery LifeCons -1) Doesn't have a light, hence reading in dark is not feasible. You will always require a light to read the same.2) Processor a bit slow in responding."
"Excellent product...........and I thought one can't shift from books to technology driven reading"
"After a lot of consideration and pondering i decided to buy kindle. An its really amazing.....OMG. Even exceeding my expectations normal PDFs and word documents reads smooth on this gadget. I bought it for reading mythological text including Hindi books, which can be well read on this device. Enjoy reading and a must own gadget."
"Nice product from Amazon. Hindi books are also available, most books range between Rs 20-300.Only issue I could see is the screen refresh rate. It is noticable to human eye while turing the pages.Also note that with the new Kindle app for iOS and Android, you might want to go for another tablet available in market."
"Needed an E-reader badly as I was straining my eyes reading for hours on my mobile screen in the nights. I purchased it prior to a trip and had a great time reading on it on the plane as well! Best part though was that I got this at a discount, which got the price down to about the same as the Kindle available in the US stores"
"A gadget that is a must for people with reading habits.This is the second kindle I had bought the first one I gave to my son. the touch is smooth functioning, the memory have been doubled form previous one. font options are more, But I feel that the books for Kindle should be priced less. otherwise an excellent product."
"It is good in terms of reading experience and weight. Very comfortable to hold and read one handed.But can't turn pages while holding with one hand.  Limited format support.Kind of expensive for the quality of the reading experience it delivers.Some smaller tablets/bigger phones provide better experience."
"Excellent device. Best reading experience, period. I was sceptical about reading on an electronic device until I purchased my first Kindle a couple of years ago. I recently upgraded to the All New Kindle all for 4999 Rupees. The page contrast is much better, page turns are faster, rests easy in the hand and touch is great."
"Very Good piece. I would have liked to see it little thinner though. The old model with a key board & speakers behind was excellent looking model. While the current version is not as good looking as that, in terms of functionality it is truly amazing.Good to have touch screen version. I am enjoying All-New Kindle."
"The best thing I bought to reignite by luv for reading. Its light weight make it ideal to just hold in one position wit ome hand and keep reading, just tap wit a finger n keep reading. It is the real page turner. I would recommend it 2 everyone who luvs reading n embraces technology.  Because this is t next gen stuff.."
"Good one....very light in weight...only problem is not good for night reading...thanks Amazon"
"Stood up to the expectations. Good to see the basic kindle with touch at a reasonable price."
"I don't know what is fuss about the delivery of Kindle? forget delays its best delivered. The product is just amazing, you will love this product, no back light still it is OK as one can read in normal low lit room as well. Just go for it. I got at Rs4499 as 10% moneyback on Rs4999, couldn't have asked for more."
"It disappointed me in opening PDF files. For eBook mobi and kindle file formats it is good. The goodness is 100% glare free. I tried in bright sun light. Absence of back light is a drawback.I returned the item and bought kindle fire HD 8.9. It is really am amazing. The service given by Amazon is excellent."
"It's my first kindle. So kind of still testing it out. One thing I would mention that the battery doesn't last 8 weeks ( two months) on regular usage. It lasts at most a month or so.Can someone tell me what's the exchange policy of kindle-- if I can get a kindle paperwhite in exchange of this?"
"Perfect e-reader at this price.Pros:Light weight and thinTouch screen works like a charmAnti-glareAll the goodness of amazon kindle libraryCons:Extremely slippery. The plastic with which the body is made doesn't have any grip. Already dropped it twice"
"It is a good ereader. The screensavers are thoughtfully created for book lovers. It would be a huge improvement if it did support the epub format, the most commonly available ebook format and also the most concise one. I have to admit that I have rediscovered my passion for reading after the purchase!!"
"not able to read the pdf's in proper format, tried many ways to load the pdf files and graphics and table format is changing and not readable.  Hence i returned this item through Amazon.  I am very satisfied with the return policy from Amazon.  I will always prefer to purchase items from Amazon.in"
"I don't know why ppl are comparing this product with all rounder tablet with low battery and high resolution. If I am reading a book in hard copy, we are not demanding HD there, so it doesnt matter in this product too. This is just for reading books and thats it. Perfect for the intended work."
"I am unable to read my scribd documents. All my books in Scribd. How I can read it ?"
"The touch sensitivity is good but it's fat and ugly as compared to the older version"
"Very Good product.Does what it promises.Although there is only one problem that bothers me,may be it's just a product defect,but the USB port is too tight.Very scary at times when I try to remove it from the kindle,have to pull it hard enough.Otherwise a very good product."
"Amazing amazon kindle!I got this for 4.5k during GOSF. Touch is amazing great features like xray, touch on word u get meaning and Wi-Fi, good for basic kindle. Gr8 battery, smoother flow of operations. 3.04 GB memory more than enough. All n all can't get better reader at this price."
"New Touchscreen kindle is awesome with lots of new features compared to previous generation basic kindle. Page turn is faster, fonts look great. Reading experience is very good. The only drawback I would say is its battery backup is little less than previous basic kindle in my experience."
"The main feature: the e ink display, feels almost like a paper. Absolutely no strain the the eyes after several hours of reading. Great battery life.A couple of cons: the screen refresh rate is bit too slow. And the experimental browser for surfing web has limited usability."
"The best e-reader in the market for this price and it is truly a magnificent thing to read in the kindle with touch screen. The touch screen itself is not like that of the latest mobile phone, it needs time to getting used to. But once you get used to it, reading is a pleasure. Dont expect backlit and other such features for 6k. Better buy the paperwhite for all those features."
"Very light. There was ebook on kindle how to use it, which was useful. there was no physical documentation to use product in English, it was available for other languages. Product is easy to use. i used my own pdf files which were transferred to kindle through PC and it opened it well."
"Opted for 2 day delivery. Received within 24 hrs in Gurgaon. Touchscreen is good."
"Great device for reading as promised by amazon. However back light is more recommended. I bought this device only to replace it with kindle paperwhite. The paperwhite is just like its name with the backlite display. Overall its a treat for book lovers. Very handy and compact device."
"Frankly speaking, this is the best e-reader in Indian market. Don't expect kindle basic to do the paperwhite function and give a wrong review.I bought this with a screen protector and a cover from amazon it self. What ore can I say? stop reading the reviews and order one. :)"
"Its an amazing product for the price. Own PDF's have to be good quality to be read.Delivered within 2 days.First Purchase on Amazon. The delivery options, customer care, email and phone notifications... all amazing!!!Totally recommend Amazon!!!"
"This is the future of reading, it's way more convenient and feature rich way of reading.Quick comparison1.all new kindle-5999 - perfect for beginners and worth the money.2.kindle -8999 - if you are heavy reader, live in shared room, read in dark. Or else, 5999 does the job.3.kindle 3g, totally worthless, Wi-Fi is more than enough.Verdict, it's light or no light . Keep I mind, e-ink is known for no light, ergo no strain on eyes."
"Hahaha... The order was never delivered to us... You lost a esteemed customer.."
"The All New Kindle priced at Rs.5999 is the most basic version of the amazon e reader..1)it is BLACK N WHITE E INK e reader... no colour display here.2)it has no back light , front light or any other sort of lighting adjustment.. so all those of you who wish to read in the dark, this ereader is not going to help you with it because it acts in the same way in a dark room like a normal paperback book will...u will need external light to read it...n others who are complaining about brightness adjustments, since there is no light there are no brightness controls!!!3)regarding the pdfs... though you can convert your pdfs into kindle related formats using calibre or other softwares , the kindle is not very good at displaying them.. so if your only proirity is reading pdfs or textbooks better go for the ipad or some other product!4)this device is only meant for the serious readers.. those who are willing to shell out money just to read books without any other features like web browsing, videos or music... but i suggest you might pay the extra cash and go for the paperwhite like i did since it has the backlight which is a huge plus point... you can read in your bed or a dark room, car or plane without having the lights on!5) for others who dont want to pay extra for the paperwhite you may buy the kindle cover with light or some table lamp but i dont know how comfortable the experience might be!6) the ebooks are required to be bought from amazon.com so u require a international debit/credit card for it..so all the \"readers\" out there thinking about buying a kindle, think no more n just go for it.. choose either the basic kindle or paperwhite according to your budget though i would personally suggest the paperwhite!n please do some basic research before buying a product online.. HAPPY READING!"
"Pros:Glare free screen; Mimics paper; Great build quality; Excellent battery life; Rich collection of books; Supports a wide-range of formats; Well-priced. Got it for 4999 + 5% cashback.... :)Cons:Lock screen ads are annoying; Lacks screen illumination"
"I am an avid reader and have always wanted to own a kindle.  Now that I have it I find it very user friendly . That's the only word I can use to describe my new kindle. The range of ebooks I can download is wide.  I am very happy and even promoting it to my bookworm friends!"
"The kindle is light and easy to hold but while flipping pages of a PDF, there is a flicker which is disturbing. I hoped the flip was animated like a real book or at least the flicker should have been avoided. Can't have multiple books side by side for references at a time."
"The best device to read books.....if u r a book lover plus a gadget freek this one is for u......no strain no stress to the eyes also the book collection is abundant...buying books via amazon is also piece of cake..... overall the product meets all ur expectations...."
"A nifty device. the manual could be more useful if tips are given about deleting books which dont meet expectation after reading and creating a bookshelf. Also quirks of the specific device could be a brief writeup accompanying the piece so new users dont get worried."
"Very good product for reading. Nothing else comes even close enough. However there's no inbuilt light in this model which is a must to read in the dark or dimly lit rooms. The model with the light is double the price of this one while all other features are the same."
"excellent product. Night reading not possible . Light weight and easy to handle  .It gave me problem from the 3rd day . screen got frozen , may be manufacturing defectAmazon was fast in replacing the defective one. awaiting for the replacement arrival.."
"I got this product on 8th and now after 2 days its 1 k cheaper....talk about bad timing!  u can make up for it by sending me a cover for free . this way I will not feel bad about my purchase. I write this because I am chindi to the power of sick. thanks in advance."
"product is good. Amazon delivery was amazing, it is less than 16hrs.. however I came to know while i was buying a kindle edition book for my device only option available is credit card . I can not use net banking . This stops me buying any book from amazon.in."
"Best Gadget in my collection. A must buy for every ebook lover. As a professor of Computer Science, I am using it to deliver live lectures in my class and very helpful for my students in making notes and my lecture looks more professional and unique."
"The new kindle is very good for book readers like me. it is reader friendly and downloading books from amazon is just a click. I will recommend this to all book lovers. downloading pdf books from computer is possible, but reading takes some effort"
"before buying this, i have never used any ebook reader so i was totally dependent on the description mentioned by amazon. and within the week of using this product i felt it meet my expectations and i am satisfied that it is worth the money spent."
"The screen is too dark . Cant read the books properly. Puts too much strain on the eyes. Customer support confirmed there is no process to return this Kindle. wish i could exchange thsi with papeprwhite which has an in built light . Without this function this device seems useless to me."
"This product is really amazing.Now I am love with my kindle.Due to kindle my reading habit also boosted up.I specially like the feature of dictionary-&#34;Simply touch the word and get the meaning!&#34;. Overall it is nice and worthy investment!"
"Very nice product, good price and easy to handle.A boon for book readers while travelling.Best thing is no glare on the screen, feels like reading a book.But I do hope its accessories were the right price, specially the cover."
"Everything is very very good. The display is very clear. Though you cannot read in dark, it is still worth the buy. There are no distractions. So you can read without having all the different apps notifications popping up. It is a great Product"
"Very nice product. I was trying to get my hands on it for long time and i am glad that i bought it. e-ink display is very nice and perfect for long reading. I have a tablet but i cant read on it for long time and this kindle comes for rescue."
"Used the kindle for 10 days and read more than 6 books in it. Loved it and returned it on the 11th day.Now, this is the thing. I was one who have been so looking forward to have this device from the day they launched it in US that I even tried a couple of time to import it. Fortunately, I backed off in the last moment from warranty concerns. I similarly kept waiting for them to evolve after they launched it in India. When they finally offered the 15 day trial with the decent new model, I grabbed the opportunity and got it.To be frank, I didn't have many problems with it. It was a handy device and since I read a lot and hate carrying around 4-5 books while travelling, this came pretty useful. I didn't find anything wrong with the e-ink or the reading experience in general. The battery life was also very good. Unlike some of the folks who have posted negative reviews because it wasn't backlit, I opted for the one without all the fancy light and stuff for getting the real book feel. I had no problems with it either. It was clear with sufficient lighting around. (That is the whole point of buying something without a backlit screen.) I didn't use the experimental browser since I find it a useless addition to the device.Now, pleasantries aside, let me come to the reason why I returned it.To put it in a nutshell, I had feared exactly what happened to one of the buyers who has posted a review here (See review by Ramanathan with a single star rating). His kindle conked off after an year. Now he has either the option of buying a new kindle to make some use of his kindle books which may also die after a while or read them in an LCD screen of some android or iphone with the kindle app. The second option, he could have taken without spending the 5k on a kindle.Kindle is not a device that will stand the test of time. But my problem with amazon is not that they have manufactured a perishable device. It is definitely a mass produced piece of lightweight plastic that costs maybe nothing for amazon to produce. My issue, however, is that they are making us pay for a device that actually generates revenue for them. I already had more than 10 books listed for buying from kindlestore which almost cost as much as the device itself. Then I thought why I should buy the kindle when I will keep buying kindle books thereafter? It means that I will be a permanent source of revenue for amazon and instead of thanking me, they are asking me to pay for becoming one!It would have been sensible, if they were wise enough to offer the kindle free if one buys some kindle books (Like maybe books worth 5K? or 10 books?). Because the basic version of kindle is not a premium gadget that is worth 5K. I'm pretty sure that they will start offering it for free in the future. Why? Because it makes sense! That way, they can make sure that people with kindles would have kindle books and would therefore be forced to stick with amazon for the rest of their lives! It has happened with mobile network connections. Use the analogy of mobile networks and I'm sure you will see the sensibility it in it. Would you subscribe to a mobile connection which demands that you pay for a basic call-message monochrome phone that comes along with it?Or for someone who buys it risking its death in an year or two, it makes sense to simply upload free books into it and desist from buying kindle books. When it dies, just throw it away."
"This has made my reading experience even more pleasurable than before. I was lucky enough to receive this as a gift. The font and text is really clear and sharp. The e-ink display Is wonderful. The sole purpose of the kindle is to read your books as well as to purchase them from the kindle store. It even has an experimental browser which means you can access webpages like Wikipedia and even read books from sites like watt pad. As a college student , I am able to get plenty of reference books for a price well worth on online store. The weight only being 200 grams makes it easy for me to hold it using one hand but the touch screen is required for flipping the pages which is quite irritating espeacially if you're using only one hand to read.Pros :-Light weight-Rich and clear text-Reading comics is a delight as you have an option for individual panel view-Battery life is amazing-Easy to use-Cheap prices for books on the kindle storeCons:-No back light which means you can not read it in the dark nor can you adjust the brightness. You have to make do with the light around you.-Touch screen for flipping pages is quite irritating"
"I bought this product on a one day express delivery.Ordered it on 11 Oct, product recieved on 13 Oct.Packaging was good.After opening I put it on charge which worked out just fine.The kindle had some preinstalled user manuals as well as my amazon account along with my bank details which was a little uncomfortable but still fine.Coming to the product,felt good in the hands,they could've extended the screen a bit more as it could have been easier to read.Reading pdfs with broad margins ex an autobiography can be a bit tricky as the zoom in option takes an 80% zoom only which leads to not so good an experience.Coming to pre installed dictionary of all languages, works great for me as I need to read books in different foreign languages and a little help feels good in the heart.The kindle book store in my case is not amiable so I stick to online stores offering free book downloads(smart way out).The touch is great but prone to fingerprints plus I recieved the product with a scratch on the screen(4mm scratch)That hurts!I just love the little green light on the bottom of the kindle,it's kind of cute which changes to orange with charging.I don't really know about the customer care service because I haven't contacted them yet.A tip for the wise-If you want to read and charge your kindle at the same time ,please stick to the universal charger because as soon as you plug to your or anyone else's pc for charging, you won't be able to read anything sista!Peace out!"
"Great buy. Already finished reading 4 books bought online with it."
"The Best Gadget for Book Readers! With over 2 million free eBooks available on amazon and elsewhere this is the best thing to happen to book reading. This device can hold up to 1500 books and reads like a book so lesser strain on the eyes."
"simply fine and useful. Number of free books offering kindle and are useful.  Can hold all E books in a simple device thereby bypass paperback editions. Dictionary feature is useful. But accessories like leather cover etc. are very costly."
"Gives a very good feel while reading books. Most significant advantage u get in kindle is discount on books you get. Overall good performance. However I found few books not optimized for kindle, that robs it from being a five star device."
"Super product but 2000 for the case is ridiculous. This is our third kindle at home because one kindle display has gone too light to read. So picked up this one.Again, as voiced by so many others The case should be included with it"
"No words can express it, all of my family love it,(Abundant in quantity(quality) of free books  I never felt value of money this much. Thanks for this unique product , innovative idea.From a lover of books.Thanks Amazone."
"Product is really amazing worth a buy but the one I am using in that some threads have started coming out from the left side of the screen....that really weird how can you expect this from a product which is not even a month old...."
