"Who wouldn't buy this book?AmazonThe Tumblr Kindle Cover Disasters is exactly what its name suggests : one hilarious, mystifying self-designed e-book cover after another. The covers run the gamut from catastrophic use of MS Paint to Frankenstein-like Photoshop jobs to morbid intrigue: What could possibly happen in Hide and Seek to merit that font?Here are some of the best Kindle covers the world of self-publishing has to offer:"
"By: Tech Desk |Updated: March 27, 2015 10:52 amThe seventh generation of the Kindle, the Kindle Voyage, with the thinnest build and higher resolution and contrast than its predecessors has been launched in India at Rs 16,499. Meanwhile, India Kindle Store has announced support for local credit and debit cards, net banking and Amazon.in gift cards to purchase eBooks.Here is what is new in the Kindle Voyage:Design: The e-reader now has a glass front and a magnesium back that makes it stronger, but also thinner and lighter. It is just 7.6 mm thin and weighs less than 180 grams.Paperwhite Display: The new version of the Paperwhite display, offers better resolution, contrast and brightness. At 300ppi the text and images are \"laser-quality\", says Amazon. Plus, the cover glass is micro-etched to diffuse light and give it a feel of paper.Adaptive Front Light: The new adaptive front light automatically adjusts brightness based on the surrounding light. There is also the option of a manual over-ride if the auto settings don't suit you.PagePress: The new PagePress uses a custom-designed force sensor under the bezel to record touches for page turns. Now Kindle Voyage delivers a tactile feedback from a haptic actuator to let you know you turned the page. Both pressure level and the haptic feedback level can be customised.Free 3G: The device will be available with free 3G in over 100 countries around the world including India.Watch this space for a full review.First Published on: March 25, 201511:00 amDo you like this story"
"A few Kindle Scout titles.Photo illustration by SlateAs the title of one of the new century's most beloved novels reminds us, complexity can exist where we see only the absence of complication. A single color contains multitudes. That novel's author, E.L. James, might have been commenting on the category to which her own work belongs: \"bad\" books. Fifty Shades of Grey is a bad book-cheesy, boilerplate, and silly, despite its silky dreams of sophistication and naughtiness. But man, the simple descriptor bad encompasses so many other vistas of badness, strange and terrible to behold. These are planets of implausibility and awfulness that revolve beyond our wildest imaginings.Katy Waldman is Slate's words correspondent. Welcome to Kindle Scout.Kindle Scout is a new initiative from Amazon, a \"reader-powered\" publishing platform for \" new, never-before-published books .\" It works like this: Authors submit their manuscripts, 5,000-word excerpts of which are posted on the website for a 30-day scouting period. During that time, Amazon members can browse the selections and nominate the ones they'd like to see published. A reader is allowed just three swappable picks at a time, to preserve the integrity of each recommendation. At the end of the trial run, a team of staffers tallies the nods, applying its own secret rubric to decide which manuscripts get released. (A Kindle Scout representative declined to elaborate on the criteria it uses.) Selected books, explains Amazon, \"will be published by Kindle Press and receive 5-year renewable terms, a $1,500 advance, 50 percent eBook royalty rate, easy rights reversions and featured Amazon marketing.\"AdvertisementOn the writer's resource site Writer Beware, Victoria Strauss has a smart post assessing the authorial incentives and drawbacks of such a deal. The advance, though small, is better than nothing, and a 50 percent royalty rate seems fairly generous. Kindle Scout offers exposure (rose) on a swift timeline (rose) without much prestige or developmental support (thorn, thorn). Chosen manuscripts hit the digital shelves as-is, sans editing, proofing, or guidance on artwork, though a spokeswoman for the program did mention that Kindle Press had connected \"some of the very first\" authors with professional copy editors. The real winner would appear to be Amazon, which can leverage readers' direct involvement to lure them to its website and profit from successful new titles without losing too much on clunkers.Beyond each writer's personal arithmetic, though, and Amazon's feline-stroking evil genius, Kindle Scout invites all the usual philosophizing about publishing and access. A program with open submissions puts more voices in circulation. It amplifies different kinds of voices, razing institutional wayposts that tend to disproportionately welcome white men. It responds more nimbly to the demonstrated preferences of the reading public, asking us to rethink our inherited notions of literary merit.\"What Rafe did to that suit should be illegal.\"The Billionaire's Bodyguard BrideBut I am not here to talk about the democratizing heroism of self-publishers and crowdsourcers. Or about the growing centrality of the consumer, who is able to customize her reading experience by telling Amazon precisely what she wants to read before any work goes to press. I am here to talk about The Billionaire's Bodyguard Bride . This is one of the first success stories of the process, a Kindle Scout-approved book soon to be \"published by Kindle Press,\" unfolding the romance between kick-ass \"covert protection\" agent Lauren Reynolds and gorgeous business mogul Rafe Dimitriou. We meet them at a wedding-themed fashion show where Lauren plays the bride and Rafe the groom. They have a past. \"His kisses had tasted like forever,\" but those \"hard muscular lines that provided the perfect counterpoint to her soft curves\" were not enough to save their relationship after he discovered that she had infiltrated his heart for a newspaper story.Two years later, at the fashion show, \"what Rafe did to that suit should be illegal,\" and Lauren is \"even lovelier than she'd been when he'd first laid eyes on her after he'd fished her out of the waters of his private beach.\" They yearn, they despise. \"Testosterone practically oozed out of his pores. Much to her dismay, all of that testosterone happened to be focused on her at the moment.\" They bait each other with dialogue that belongs in an antique Archie comic. \"If I'd known you were in New York, I would have been certain to be out of town,\" Lauren says. \"Shouldn't you be in France? I just read an article about your new publishing house there. Judging by the photo of you and your latest conquest that accompanied it, you're still mixing business with pleasure.\"Oh, hell. I'll keep going. You know you want it.\"You know what they say about all work and no play,\" he shrugged, the subtle movement drawing her attention to impossibly broad shoulders magnificently showcased by the tuxedo's exquisite tailoring.\"So what brings you here? Another acquisition?\" She hated that she needed to know.\"In a manner of speaking.\" He paused, capturing her gaze and holding it. \"I have business with you, actually.\"\"You came here to see me?\" she asked, incredulous.He nodded, pulling her closer while soft, romantic music pulsed and ebbed around them.This kind of writing is unabashed. It is breathtakingly, gloriously bad. And it raises a question: What do we mean when we talk about bad books?(Continued from Page 1 )One phrase that gets thrown around a lot is \"guilty pleasure.\" This generally means titles that engross and titillate even if they're not painstakingly written or constructed. Think plot-heavy thrillers like The Girl on the Train or The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . Fizzy heartwarmers like Bridget Jones's Diary . Trashy confessionals like Valley of the Dolls . With a guilty pleasure, the reader has to make a series of calculations, weighing demerits ( these characters all sound the same ) against redeeming qualities (but I missed my subway stop). When a guilty pleasure works, it means suspense or an appealing voice or soaring fantasy elements have overridden weak prose or flat characterization or dumb plot contrivances, so that the net reading experience is positive.But other books, oh other books, sail across that fine line between being pleasurable despite their badness and being pleasurable because of their badness. (And being nonpleasurable because of their badness, that's always an option too.) Instead of forcing readers to weigh pros against cons, these titles collapse the pro-con distinction. If a guilty pleasure is an occasional, delicious bag of potato chips, these books are a nacho tower fluorescent with cheap cheese, unappetizing, weirdly compelling, \"so bad it's good.\" You don't feel guilty enjoying it in spite of its flaws. Rather, you feel some mix of superior and delighted as you devour it on account of its flaws.In just a few months, Kindle Scout has become a murderously deft purveyor of books seemingly designed only to be inhaled like so many bibliographic nachos. It does not appear, for example, that writers are submitting their sensitive domestic novels or dissections of the Brooklyn literary scene. (In a survey of more than 15 approved or aspirant e-books, the single gut-sparing exception I found was this excerpt about growing up amid the zombie apocalypse, which verges into traditional \"middlebrow\" territory.) A lot of the titles appear to be fanfic, such as a Dexter knockoff, Dennik , about a suave serial killer. Even the less explicitly derivative stories are touted in promotional copy as spiritual descendants of best-sellers: \" Bridget Jones meets the Midwest ,\" \" The Da Vinci Code times ten ,\" \" Harry Potter meets David Sedaris meets Texas .\"The callbacks only serve to emphasize the category difference between Kindle Scout releases and the fun but not hyper-challenging books they invoke. It is possible to take Dexter seriously, but not Dennik. You can grudgingly admit that Dan Brown packs a thrill, but not this guy . I wonder how many of the Amazon users nominating their favorite excerpts are doing so perversely, in the spirit of camp. Under what other auspices could one possibly endorse the howling awfulness of, say, Pit Bulls vs. Aliens ? (\"As the intent of the invaders becomes clear, Colonel Benjamin Jamison is called upon to lead a military force to stop them. An impressive show of firepower comes up short as the technology of the aliens proves too much. All hope appears lost until the human comrades inadvertently discover one thing that the aliens cannot defend themselves against-and the earth has millions of them.\")Top CommentI really want to read the rest of Pitbulls versus Aliens now...   More...-Cilantro NegroJoin InIf people really are demanding bad writing from the Kindle Scout program in order to smirk at it-whether out of a love of camp or a love of lulz-that seems mean, not to mention limiting. Sure, there's snarky pleasure to extract from the bodyguard bride's inner monologue. (Let's extract some right now! \"Did [Rafe] honestly think she would break out the pom poms to celebrate his exalted return? If so, he was going to be sorely disappointed. The fatted calf would be staying in the barn.\") But when you refuse to take a book at its word, even with reservations, you aren't approaching it as a consciousness comparable to your own. You're shutting down a chance to empathize and learn. You're making the experience about you.But the bigger problem with so-bad-they're-good novels is that sometimes they're just so bad they're . bad. For every camp triumph on Kindle Scout, every daft splendor of weaponized pit bulls, you'll find three corresponding duds. A writer will insist on, like, narrating all the muscle movements involved when a character opens a window. Or she'll create exhausting pileups of irrelevant plot. The author of The Billionaire's Bodyguard Bride is extravagant in her badness, merrily contemptuous of anything resembling realism or restraint. But other writers prove grimly, humorlessly terrible. Their malignity flows from ambition, an irony that makes you want to avert your eyes, always an impediment to reading enjoyment. And oh, the prologues! The self-serious, groaning prologues:As the sun set, shadows bled over the landscape. Ordinary objects, harmless items by day, became sinister as darkness infected them. Secrets hid in shadows. Nightmares were born from them. The night depleted courage, corroded bravado like an acid, eating away at it as the shadows deepened, suffocating the warmth and safety of light.There are just so many ways for books to be bad, and not all of them pay off. I haven't mentioned the boringly formulaic thrillers. Or that mode of precious, jokey, self-regarding prose that seems like a desperate bid for our readerly affections. (\"Why does there have to be a huge canyon between me and that forest? She asked that internal question most likely because only five feet behind her was a sheer cliff.\") On Kindle Scout, one reads all these excerpts, meets all these orphan-vampire-wizard teens, encounters the incendiary seductions and unruly blond mops of ringlets and teeth gritted with fury-and discovers so few moments of real inspiration, divine or infernal. Perhaps sublime failure is as difficult to achieve as sublime success.And yet. When it arrives, it can be incandescent. Just try not to revel in the nacho-flavored hazmat of Lauren and Rafe's reunion, and to suspect that the author was cannier than she let on. Something about a terrifically bad book taps into our shared fallibility. It conjures a world in which we don't pass muster, or follow the rules-but press forward regardless. Everyone's a critic, these holy misfires say, but have you ever penned a novel about an amnesiac jewel thief who falls for a house elf with a secret? Maybe you want to. Maybe you should. And if you do, Kindle Scout is waiting."
"twitter pinterest facebook emailby Elizabeth ThompsonNew Tumblr Kindle Cover Disasters highlights the spectacularly endless ways a book cover can go wrong in the world of self-published e-books, and it makes that dinosaur erotica that was making the rounds online a couple of years ago seem so quaint. When ultra niche topics and slash fiction are combined with the laxest of graphic design standards, magic is born. Some highlights from the anonymously-run blog below. "
"Best E-Book Readers To Buy: Amazon Kindle Voyage Vs. Kobo Aura H2O Vs. Barnes & Noble Nook GlowlightBy Judy Mottl ,      Tech Times  |  March 5, 10:15 PMThe battle rages on for dominance in the e-reader market though the Amazon Kindle has a healthy lead and dominance for more than a few reasons. The Nook Glow Light eReader, from Barnes & Noble, debuted in June, 2014.(Photo : Scott Olson | Getty Images)For those who think Amazon invented the e-reader, think again. While the world's biggest and most well-known e-tailer put e-readers and e-reading \"on the map,\" it was actually Sony and brick-and-mortar bookseller Barnes & Noble that were first out of the gate in pushing e-reading out to book lovers.A year later, though, Amazon stormed the industry with its Kindle and as the saying goes, history was made. Sony's devices, while innovative, were hard to use even for those with some digital device experience and they eventually pretty much flamed out. Nonetheless, B&N is hanging in with Sony-related devices, such as its Nook Glowlight. In the past few years, the market has welcomed some new players, including Kobo and its Aura H2O reader.For those eyeing an e-reader for the upcoming spring break and beach reading or looking to upgrade that several-year-old e-reader, Tech Times offers up a peek at the latest e-reader device news.Amazon KindleIf you have never bought an e-reader, thinking it too pricey, Amazon truly resolves that dilemma this month. In fact, at this point, the basic Kindle is something everyone can likely afford. In honor of National Reading Month, its basic Kindle e-reader is now just under $60 , which is an amazing deal given the Kindle initially hit the markets at three-to-four times that cost. That's not to say options in the Kindle line aren't still a few hundred bucks. Its latest device, the Kindle Voyage , is running just a bit over $200 at this point, but the functionality compared to the earlier e-reader options is amazing with new page turning features, an adaptive front light, and the highest screen resolution yet. What that means is ease of use and a more enjoyable reading experience no matter what the lighting. It's also the thinnest Kindle with a battery that lasts weeks. Purchase provides the option to try Amazon's new \"Kindle Unlimited\" plan for free, which puts nearly one million titles within reach for a trial one-month period. One report tags the Kindle Voyage as \"the new gold standard\" in reading.Kobo Aura H2OIf you've never heard of the Kobo e-reader brand, don't despair. It's been a bit of a dark horse in the e-reader segment but warrants attention and has earned some hefty respect as it continues to innovate and refuses to cower to the Kindle. As the latest device name reveals the e-reader can be used in water scenarios, not literally underwater reading, but withstands water interaction. It's a bit lighter than earlier Aura e-reader options but a bit heavier than the Kindle. Waterproofing is a big feature -- reading by the pool or in a tub or getting caught in a quick tropical downpour isn't a worry with the Aura H2O. It can be completely submerged in five meters of water for an hour.\"Water can cause unexpected behavior. If there's any on your screen, please give it a quick dry. Shaking it off works too,\" states Kobo in describing the waterproof nature. But be prepared to pay the price for such a unique feature-about $180.00. Another review notes it is the e-reader maker's most \"complete\" device it has made to date.Barnes & Noble Nook GlowlightIf you thought Barnes & Noble was out of the e-reader game, think again. They're just never going to be the brand leader. That doesn't mean its devices aren't worth checking out. Its Glowlight, now about two years old, received some very good reviews on arrival from leading tech pubs, being described as excellent, adored for its light heft (lighter than Amazon's Kindle Paperwhite) and Kindle-like automated lighting adjustments. The text is crisp, it boasts a slim design and its 3 million available book library isn't something to dismiss. It claims to run for eight weeks without a charge and you get device support at brick-and-mortar B&N locations, which is something Amazon doesn't provide. Yet it's still priced over $100, which may make it a potential \"second generation\" device for those just tapping the e-reader experience. Amazon's top-tier Kindles start about this price point. A key Nook feature that set it apart from Amazon's Kindle, a microSD slot, has been eliminated in Glowlight and that hasn't gone over well with reviewers .When it comes to choosing an e-reader, the best approach is to get your hands on as many devices as you can and determine what features and functionalities are most important.If you're an avid Amazon fan who enjoys the various services the e-tailer offers, the Kindle is likely your best option as there are a wide range of devices at various prices. It is also easy to return and Amazon continuously offers discounts and free pilots for Kindle Unlimited. It's also a great starting device for those just getting into e-reading given this month's offer.For those who love trolling B&N and have been a Nook fan from the very start, the latest Nook may be the best choice due to in-store assistance. The Kobo is obviously best suited for those adventurers who take the e-reader on the week-long kayak trip or spend a great deal of time around a pool. "
"Driver distracted by Kindle unharmed after accidentBy Domenic PoliPosted:   03/23/2015 08:44:50 PM EDTUpdated:   03/23/2015 08:44:51 PM EDTClick photo to enlargeDemco Towing of Guilford gets ready to tow away a 2011 Acura MDX from the vicinity of mile-marker 3/75 on Interstate 91 North in Guilford on March 23.«1»GUILFORD &GT;&GT; A New York woman drove her vehicle off the roadway of Interstate 91 North Monday morning after becoming distracted by an electronic device.Vermont State Police reported that Xiaolan Zhang, 40, of Chappaqua, N.Y., was driving 65 to 70 mph in the passing lane near mile-marker 3/75 at 8:22 a.m. on March 23 and was listening to an audiobook on an Amazon Kindle. According to a press release, the Kindle began moving from its location on the vehicle's center console and Zhang briefly looked away from the roadway to push the Kindle into a safer spot so it would not fall.As a result of taking her eyes off the road, Zhang drifted to the left and onto the shoulder. In an attempt to correct this she jerked the steering wheel to the right, causing the vehicle to cross both northbound travel lanes and swerve off the road before hitting a bank of trees and rolling onto the driver's side. VSP said Zhang was wearing her seatbelt and was not harmed in the accident.Rescue Inc. and the Brattleboro and Guilford fire departments responded to the scene to assist. Zhang was driven from the scene by VSP Sgt. Christopher Buckley. Due to moderate damage to the front end, front bumper, driver's side and passenger's side, the vehicle was towed away by Demco Towing of Guilford.Advertisement"
"Previous NextTeacher awarded grantMath and reading intervention teacher Beverly Mercer was surprised with a grant to buy Kindle Fires for Rosebud Primary students' use.Posted: Thursday, March 26, 2015 10:24 am | Updated: 10:27 am, Thu Mar 26, 2015.Rosebud Primary School teacher receives grant to buy Kindle Fires Kazia Conway The Marlin Democrat | 0 commentsA Rosebud Primary School teacher was awarded with a $4,359.20 grant to buy Kindle Fires for the students to use. Superintendent Ant-hony Price, Primary Principal Boyd Rice and representatives from Education Service Center (ESC) Region 12 surprised Beverly Mercer, kindergarten through third intervention teacher in math and reading, with a big check on March 24 while she was teaching a small group of third grade students.Mercer applied for the Technology Integration Grant from ESC Region 12 at the end of January right before the deadline after learning about it from Carol Pruitt. There were 50 applications for the grant and only six were selected as the winners.Mercer contacted Amazon and got a bid for the cost of the Kindle Fires, including headphones and cases to protect the investments. She also contacted the educational programs she uses to get the costs of those.Mercer has been printing out books for the students to read and sees the Kindle Fires as a way for the students to be more involved with what they're working on.\"It's going to be more immersive for the students because it'll be in color and it will keep teachers in the know with what we're working on,\" Mercer said.She sees her students two to five times a week for 30 minutes each time.This is Mercer's first year at Rosebud Primary School, but she has been a teacher for 25 years.\"It is a privilege to present grant awards to local school districts for the third consecutive year, which both advances and encourages the innovative use of technology in the classroom,\" Advisory Board Chair Kevin Houchin said.  \"The Technology Foundation is a great example of how ESC Region 12 promotes collaboration between educators and the community to produce outcomes that benefit students throughout central Texas.\"Rosebud-Lott was one of six districts to receive a piece of the $41,500 Technology Integration Grant Funds awarded this year.According to a press release, the funds will help more that 1,300 students across four counties. After this year's grants, the ESC Region 12 has given more than $161,000 to benefit students."
"March 17, 2015 at 10:48 amMarch 17, 2015 at 10:50 amPhoto via Tumblr/Kindle Cover DisastersSomeone has finally pulled all the nightmarish ebook covers from Kindle into one awesome blog.Kindle Cover Disasters pays tribute to, you guessed it, all those ebook covers that should've remained a creative blip in the artists' minds.The anonymous  creator told Guardian Tech, \"It is the hubris of it that people get a kick out of. The devil-may-care attitude of an author, who, with zero arts training, says to themselves: 'How hard can it be?' \"Flip through the selection yourself and marvel at such creations as \"Now That I'm a Ghost, I'm Gay,\" \"Son of the Wind: The River Rages\" and \"Senior Sex Parties 5.\"Something tells me that Amazon won't be featuring any of these on its homepage for picks anytime soon.You can send your favorite covers to kindlecoverdisasters@gmail.com.Molly Brown comes from an arts and culture background, including stints at Billboard Magazine and Kirkus Reviews. An avid blogger on all-things culture, she covers a wide range of fun, geeky topics on GeekWire's Geek Life beat. Follow her @evilmolly and reach her at molly@geekwire.com ."
"Home » News » Business » S-C vocal music director Kindle resigns; going back to schoolS-C vocal music director Kindle resigns; going back to schoolMarch 24, 2015in BusinessChristopher Kindle, who elevated Smith-Cotton High's show choirs to multiple Grand Champion awards, has resigned his position as director of vocal music after being accepted into the University of Missouri-Columbia's Doctor of Philosophy degree program in Music Education. The Sedalia School District 200 Board of Education accepted his resignation in closed session Monday night.Kindle has led the S-C vocal music department since 2011; before that, he directed music programs in the Raytown and Hickman Mills school districts, and at the ninth grade center for Jefferson City Public Schools. He earned his bachelor of science degree in education with a major in music in 2005 from Northwest Missouri State University; he then received his master's degree in education with a major in teaching music in 2007, and served as a graduate assistant to the music department in 2006-07, also at Northwest Missouri State.At Smith-Cotton, Kindle directed Broadway Velocity, the freshmen show choir; Cabaret, the all-female show choir; and New Score, the mixed show choir. He also served as musical director for S-C's fall musical theater productions, including \"The Wizard of Oz\" and \"Shrek the Musical.\"Teri Turner, director of S-C's theater department, said: \"It has been a joy working with Chris and getting to know him on a professional and personal level. We have produced successful musicals because of his dedication to the collaboration of the theater, choir and band department. He is a great asset for the arts and I wish him luck for the future.\"During his four years at the helm, S-C's show choirs earned five Grand Champion awards, multiple first runner-up and best choreography honors and New Score made the finals in every competition in which it was entered. The choirs also earned awards for best vocals, best diction, best show design and were recognized as the People's Choice multiple times.\"Being the director of this program has been an amazing experience,\" Kindle said. \"The students, staff and administration at Smith-Cotton are like no other. I have lived a blessing for four years being a Smith-Cotton Tiger. I can tell you that Smith-Cotton will always hold a very special place in my heart. I try to instill in my choirs the feeling of family, and that is exactly what Smith-Cotton as a whole is.\"When he started at Smith-Cotton, Kindle made a promise to his freshmen, who are this year's seniors.\"I promised that I would not leave until they did,\" Kindle said. \"This worked out perfectly because anyone who knows me knows that I keep my promises. It just so happened that I was accepted into this program, so it worked that I fulfilled my promise to them and I get to pursue my goal.\"S-C High Principal Wade Norton said, \"Mr. Kindle has worked hard to build a program that has allowed our students to shine within the classroom and on the music stage. His dedication to his students will be difficult to replace and we wish him well in his educational pursuits.\" Photo courtesy Sedalia School District 200. "
"Louise Blain March 23, 2015Remember the Golden-age of kids' gameshows in the 1990s? Stuff like Funhouse, which you would probably have sacrificed your childhood pet to get a spot on? Well fast forward 20 years and... you can do it all without leaving the comfort of your own home. In  Minecraft . Built by over thirty dedicated builders known as  The Noxcrew , the (aptly named)  Noxcrew Gameshow  has been constructed over a period of six months and all takes place inside one enormous factory location. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory style, two teams travel through tubes to reach over thirty mini games. Contestants are pitted against one another in games such as A Bridge 3 Far where they must compete to build a bridge as fast as possible but need to shoot targets to get their blocks, or Pyramid where only one player is dropped into a map and the others must help from a control room. The Crystal Maze ain't got nothing on this. Except maybe a bald man with a harmonica.Impressively, each game has its own logo, theme, design and soundtrack, all created and composed by members of the Noxcrew and there are two suitably over the top commentators to talk over the action. Four camera men 'shoot' each episode and there's even a referee present. Season 1 is already in production with the first episode available  here . Once again proving the endless creativity in the Minecraft community, it's worth it entirely just to watch the incredible Decision Dome in action where chickens plummet from the ceiling and land on a pie chart to choose the game to play. Just don't wait around for the Butcher who is tasked with 'cleaning' the Decision Dome for the next round of contestants.  "
NA
"Kindle Unlimited vs. Oyster vs. Scribd: Top Netflix-Style Subscription Service For E-books?By Heba Hasan ,      Tech Times  |  March 12, 4:30 PMShare( ) Tweet( )(Photo : Oyster Books)Unless you're a luddite, you've probably tried out at least one monthly subscription service. And with all the video and music streaming services making news as of late, e-book subscriptions often get overshadowed. But if you're an avid book reader, these unlimited e-book subscriptions are worth looking into. We've compared the three biggest e-book subscription services on the market so you can decide which one is best for you.PriceThe three services are priced very similarly, with Scribd  being the cheapest. Scribd's monthly service is $8.99 and offers a free month trial. Oyster's  monthly service is $9.95 a month and offers a 14-day trial. Kindle Unlimited  is the most expensive at $9.99 and also offers a free 30-day trial.Selection of BooksNow that both Scribd and Oyster have signed three out of the five  major book publishers to their service (Macmillian, HarperCollins and Simon & Schuster) they are both slightly ahead of Kindle Unlimited when it comes to offering the newest titles. Oyster carries 1 million titles from over 1,600 publishers, including several smaller independent publishers like McSweeney's and Rodale. Kindle Unlimited offers over 700,000 book titles as well as thousands of audio books. Scribd also offers audio books and has recently acquired more than 10,000 comic books,  bringing its combined book and audio book count to 1 million.(Photo : Scribd )Scribd has over 10,000 comic book selections.InterfaceWhen it comes to aesthetics, Oyster is hands down the most visually appealing. The app and site are formatted very similar to Netflix, which makes browsing easy. On Oyster, you can also change the font style, text accent color and background of each book. The themes range from minimalist to ornately decorated. And if you need book suggestions, you can always email hello@oysterbooks.com and outlinine your taste in books for some personalized recommendations.Device CompatibilityOyster is compatible with all devices running Android 4+ and iOS 7+. This includes Kindle Fire, iPhones, iPads, Nook HD and Samsung devices. Scribd similarly has apps available for the iPad, iPhone, Android and Kindle Fire. Kindle Unlimited obviously works with all Kindle devices as well as most tablets and smartphones via the Kindle app.Overall VerdictWhen it comes to choosing between the three services, it really depends on what you're looking for. If you're most interested in getting access to as many books as possible, Oyster is the way to go. If you want a healthy mix of audio books, graphic novels, self-published titles and books, Scribd is probably the most appealing And if you already have a Kindle, Kindle Unlimited makes the most sense.Be sure to follow T-Lounge on Twitter  and visit our Facebook  page© 2015 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission."
"Planet of the Damned, free on KindleBy Jason Weisberger at 9:50 am Thu, Mar 19, 2015SHARE TWEET STUMBLE COMMENTSHarry Harrison's Planet of the Damned is one of the first science fiction books I remember reading. It is available free for the Amazon Kindle .I recently picked up a copy of this at Powell's Books, in Portland. I remembered the cover from my childhood and eagerly wanted to see if it'd held up. I expected unwitting heroes, improbable romance and unbelievable science. I also found some racism.Planet of the Damned is the story of one genetically superior Brion Brannd.  Only Brion can stop some backwards savages with nukes from killing a neighboring planet of peaceful philosophers. Suspend your disbelief and enjoy a great example of pulp science fiction."
"Amazon's giving more Kindle tablets its Firefly visual search toolby James Trew | @itstrew | 29 days ago February 26th 2015 9:34 am0For the few of you that don't regularly check the Kindle Fire product page on Amazon for changes, we've got a little update for you. Firefly, the visual search-slash-shopping tool that uses your camera to identify, and mostly purchase items, is coming to more tablets. Those with Fire phones , and the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 have had the feature from the start, but it was notably absent on the more affordable HD 6 and HD 7 models. There's no word on when the update will land on your tablet (it's rolling out now), but if you're eager, you might want to add this page to your update checker too. Or, you know, just wait for mother nature (aka over the air updates) to take its course. While you do, you might want to start shortlisting friends with solid game collections for you to test it out on."
"The most high tech black 'n' white gadget aroundfrom £170.00by  Andrew WilliamsIt must be tough motivating oneself to constantly improve when you're already at the top of your game. If you were Chris Froome, wouldn't you fancy taking a break for a couple of months rather than killing yourself cycling up another practically vertical mountain? Exactly.But he pushes on anyway, and so does Amazon with its Kindle. It doesn't have a rival even within touching distance, and yet it keeps pushing to improve and evolve and increase the gap. But that's an even taller order when it comes to improving on the awesome Kindle Paperwhite .In reality the Kindle Voyage isn't out to replace that model, but does offer a sort of high-tech, fancier equivalent to it. Smart buttons and an incredibly pixel-packed screen make this one of the few ereaders you can dribble over with techy lust.Just make sure you'll appreciate its additions, because the Kindle Voyage, at £169, is also a fair bit more expensive than the Paperwhite, and its slimmer frame won't necessarily seem better to all hands.Blurred linesThe Amazon Kindle Voyage is the first in the series to have a fully-flat screen. Until pretty recently Kindles were grey, fairly chunky blocks with raised bezels, but that's all changing. This ereader is dead skinny at 7.6mm thick. That's the sort of thickness we usually see in phones, not ebook readers.For reference the Kindle Paperwhite is 9.1mm thick. The Amazon Kindle Voyage also dons flashier garb. Its back has the the same kind of angled contouring seen on the backsides of the Fire HD tablets. Glossy plastic and sharp lines all play their part. It makes the Kindle Paperwhite look a bit, well, boring in comparison.However, having used the Kindle Voyage for a good few weeks I'm not convinced everyone's going to fall for the new slim design. Occasionally there's nothing wrong with having a bit of extra bulk to grab onto.RelatedNew Amazon Kindle line upSmart buttonsThe most important way the Voyage separates itself from the Paperwhite , though, is with its new buttons. It has a touchscreen, but there are also buttons to the left and right of the screen. They're not old-fashioned clicky buttons, but pressure sensitive panels that don't stick out from the Kindle Voyage's body at all. Without their markings you wouldn't know they were there.The main benefit of these buttons is that they let you flick to the next page without moving a finger (or more likely thumb). You just press down, or shift your thumb up an inch and press to move back. The same buttons sit on both sides so right-handers and lefties both benefit, and each press comes with a bit of haptic feedback.These buttons are the best bit of the Kindle Voyage. They make relaxed, lazy reading even lazier. Amazon calls it PagePress.Pixel boosterThe Amazon Kindle Voyage also has the sharpest ereader screen ever seen. Like the other Kindles it's six inches across, but the 1430 x 1080 resolution gets you pixel density of 300ppi, way higher than the 221ppi of the Paperwhite. We don't really talk about 'Retina' displays in the ereader world, but this is really a Retina-grade screen. Text is ultra-sharp, and smooth in all the right places. Will you notice it, though?The Voyage lets you pack much smaller text onto the screen without it starting to look sketchy, but don't get too hung up on screen resolution if you don't like to really pack those lines in.The tone of the Voyage screen is pretty similar to the Paperwhite too. Both use a great backlight that boosts the contrast and clarity of the already-pretty-good E Ink Carta display underneath. This is the latest generation of E Ink going.We're fans. If you haven't tried a dedicated ereader before, you should find it much easier on the eyes than an LCD screen. The light actually sits on top of the display rather than under it, and it causes no eyestrain as long as you don't make the text so small it looks like a family of ants. I did find the Voyage's light was a bit bluer towards the bottom, rather than 100 per cent consistent, but it's the sort of issue you only notice for the first day or so (if at all), then forget completely.Amazon has packed a new feature into the light too. It's one of the only ereaders with an auto brightness setting. With most front-lit ereaders you need to manually flick the light up and down depending on how light the room/train carriage/park you're in is, but the Voyage does the job for you.You might like thisAdvertisementBack to basicsThat sums up the Amazon Kindle Voyage's exclusive benefits, mind: new buttons, new screen, slim and fancy body. The rest is pretty familiar. You get 4GB storage - enough for anyone, believe us - a great six weeks' battery life and Amazon's fantastic ebook ecosystem and software. There's also a 3G version, although that'll cost you a gulp-inducing £229.Unless you're only juggling between a Kindle Voyage and another Kindle model, it's also worth thinking about how good Kindles are to use. Spoiler: they're great. The interface is dead simple and fuss-free, the books selection is great and offers loads of regular promos, and the way Amazon delivers books is genius.You can buy books from a Kindle Voyage over Wi-Fi (or 3G), download a free sampler of anything and even buy from a computer's browser and have the book downloaded to your Kindle automatically. It makes buying books from other ereaders look like completing a tax return.For real book obsessives, Amazon has also recently kicked off a new Netflix-style book service called Kindle Unlimited. It lets you freely dip into over 700,000 books for £7.99 a month. And if you find you're still only getting through one John Grisham tome every two months, there's no long-term contract involved.Kindle Unlimited includes a load of audiobooks too, but there's no way to play them through the Voyage. Unlike the big daddy keyboard Kindle of old, there's no speaker here.The good old daysI could spend all day talking about the benefits of Kindles. As well as being much easier on the eyes than a tablet, they make it dead easy to subscribe to newspapers, and find out more about characters and places in novels thanks to the X-Ray feature that's been doing the rounds since 2011.The other ereader makes just don't make these ecosystem elements anywhere near as good.RelatedBest ereaders in the worldKindle Voyage VerdictThe Amazon Kindle Voyage is the best ereader yet. Its upgrades aren't about gimmicks, but subtly making your ereader experience that bit better. Should everyone buy one? If money's no object, sure. However, the Kindle Paperwhite is definitely worth considering still.The Voyage costs 50 per cent more, and while it is better, the overall experience is pretty similar. So the Paperwhite remains the everyman ereader choice, but for the dedicated, tech-loving bookworm, the Voyage will be a regret-free purchase.Buying one?"
"commentsAs the old saying goes, you should never judge a book by its cover.However it is pretty hard not to when viewing these bizarre ebook artworks, which are all available on Kindle.The collection of hilarious covers, which includes How to deal with Hippo Encounter and Time Swirl: A Binky Adventure, were brought together by blog site  Kindle Cover Disasters , which showcases the worst of Kindle art.The cover of David Bussell's But... You're a Horse, appears to show a horse with arms embracing a woman in a peculiar romance novel.The book cover has garnered so much attention on the Tumblr blog that the man behind Kindle Cover Disasters has had to confirm that the book is not about bestiality.He wrote on the site: 'Just wanted to say a big thank you for all the follows and the shares, but most of all I wanted to say thanks to David Bussell, the author of 'But. You're a Horse', whose remarkable book cover has given this blog an undue amount of press attention.'I've since had it pointed out to me that Bussell's book is not a steamy tale of equine love but a collection of pranks and anecdotes. Having bought a copy to show my gratitude, I can humbly report that 'But. You're a Horse' is far from a disaster; in fact, it's so funny I snorted my cognac over an elderly colonel.'Do yourself a favour and pick up a copy. You'll barely regret it.'Other covers include that of Hide and Seek, which shows a woman, cat and dog in front of a burning house. Readers should not be put off by the confusing front page, however, as the book has been well-reviewed by the Cat Writers' Association. Many of the bizarre Kindle book covers include animals, such as equine flick But... You're a Horse (left) and Amy Shojai's Hide and Seek (right), which won rave reviews from  the Cat Writers' AssociationWorry no more safari-goers, the hilarious books now available on Kindle include tips on how to deal with wild hippopotamuses (left), as well as the latest adventure (right) of space cat BinkyAdult reads: The strange selection of Kindle ebooks, which includes these explicit titles, also caters for the elderly audienceLook no further than these garish covers for top advice on how to draw 'mulitcultural' superheroes (left) and text the man of your dreams (right)Shawn O'Toole appears to have drawn his own cover on Microsoft Paint for his apparently octopus-based book The Yississ War (left), while there's something very creepy about the eyes on Escape From Freedom (right)Here's to hoping that the animal future (left) contains better ebook artwork than seen on A Chilling Revelation (right), starring Bentwhistle the Dragon Judging books by their cover: The weird and wonderful artworks are listed on Tumblr website Kindle Cover DisastersThe latest installment of the My Genie and Me Series (left) is made hard to read by its odd yellow cover, despite it having an illustrator and an illustration advisorThe cover on The Sorcerer's Path book 1 could well be enough to put people off a future sequel, while the bright yellow spread on They Did It With Horses is more than eye-catchingLawrence Ambrose's Divided Worlds books appear to be about a woman living among mythical creatures, who also like garden tools (right)Jonathan Quincy Graves' novel leaves the reader wandering what the perfect match may be, while Isis: The Beauty Myth, looks like it was drawn as part of a GCSE art exam "
"Get Inquisitr's daily viral news by e-mail and never miss the internet's hottest stories!Email AddressPosted: March 18, 2015Kindle Fire Is ListeningThe new update to Amazon's Kindle Fire tablet might just be smarter than you think. Firefly, a smartphone and tablet application available on Kindle Fire Phone and Kindle Fire HDX tablets, listens to and identifies songs and shows playing around it (amongst other things), and will certainly patch up a sore spot for users who were fans of the now-defunct Google Goggles application. In its review of the Kindle Fire HDX (the newest members of the Kindle family), Business Insider mentions the fact that not only is the Kindle Fire HDX \"super thin.\" but also that it possesses a \"gorgeous\" screen that makes text and images look realistic.Whatever your views on Amazon and its devices, it's clear the Kindle has come a long way from simply being \"that thing one keeps books on.\" Now boasting a fully-packed library of apps, books, music, and games, the Fire flagship is certainly a powerhouse that is giving competitors like Google and Apple a run for their money. Amazon also brings Prime, its own streaming radio service, to paid customers on its devices.All other improvements aside, Firefly is possibly the most important. While the Inquisitr reports that the Fire Phones are being waved away as nothing more than \" shopping machines ,\" perhaps there is still end-user value for people who enjoy using Firefly. The Business Insider certainly seems to think so - it complimented the new application as \". work[ing] quickly\" and called it \"incredibly accurate.\"So, how does Firefly actually work? Tapping the application from the Kindle's home screen brings you to a page full of shimmering stars that looks like it should adorn a child's lullaby music player. Simply choose from either the note or TV icon at the top to tell Firefly that it should listen for a song or TV show, respectively. Firefly even gives you a friendly notification about when you've paused the camera, something Google Goggles users will recall didn't happen on their devices of choice.If you're not impressed yet, you'll be happy to know that Firefly can do more than just identify songs and TV shows. In a CNN article dated August, 2014, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos explained other features that Firefly boasts, including the ability to read QR codes, web addresses, and artwork. For anyone not currently carrying a Kindle Fire, Firefly may be a worthwhile feature to check out if you don't mind Amazon effectively marketing their products to you.In the end, Amazon may still have some things to work on with developing its Kindle ecosystem. Though Amazon's Fire OS is essentially an offshoot of Android OS, Business Insider highlights the fact that users won't be able to run Google apps like Gmail, Google Maps, and Chrome on Kindle Fire, which could frustrate some people. If you are a die-hard Android fan, you could consider sideloading Apps, or maybe just sticking around to see what else Kindle Fire will come up with in the next few years."
"Get the latest news on e-Books, Digital Publishing, Manga, Anime and TabletsThe Kindle People Wear on Their FeetMarch 24, 2015By Michael Kozlowski 1 CommentThe Kindle is the most popular e-reader of all time and e-ink screens are what makes the technology possible. Lately, dedicated reading devices have been seeing diminished sales and e-paper is being employed on keyboards, digital signage and now fashion.A new  Indiegogo project  started by Lithuania-based iShüu Technologies is betting that e Ink is perfect for shoes. You can control the patterns and colors via a mobile app and automatically change the color, based on your outfit. They also have tangible customization options, such as bows and flows.\"The Volvorii's clean, elegant, sturdy design brings gravitas, respect and formality in an unmistakable way,\" the campaign page reads. \"Whether you are a CEO at the apex of your industry or a prospective intern who got it as a graduation present going for your first interview in the corporate world, the Volvorii will carry you with grace.\"For the girl who has everything you can pick it up from the campaign page for  $249 plus shipping.Michael Kozlowski ( 4780 Posts )Michael Kozlowski is the Editor in Chief of Good e-Reader. He has been writing about electronic readers and technology for the last four years. His articles have been picked up by major and local news sources and websites such as the Huffington Post, CNET and more. Michael frequently travels to international events such as IFA, Computex, CES, Book Expo and a myriad of others. If you have any questions about any of his articles, please send Michael Kozlowski an email to michael@goodereader.comRelated Posts"
"See their articles on your Seeking Alpha homepage and in your feed.Real-time alerts on this authorGet their new articles emailed to you as they are published.Daily digest on all my authorsGet all your favorite authors' new articles emailed to you in one daily digest.(88 followers)  Barnes & Noble Just Can't Compete With KindleMar. 13, 2015 11:14 AM ET  |  About: Barnes & Noble Inc (BKS) by: Daniel JamesSummaryBarnes & Noble is in trouble, as its struggling Nook division posted another steep decline in sales.There were some bright spots in the report however, including an encouraging core retail comp figure.With the spin-off of its college division set to close in August, this new stock may prove to be the more appealing option.Barnes & Noble (NYSE: BKS ), one of America's biggest and best-known book retailers, is struggling. In fact, some may wonder how the company is staying afloat at all, as it faces weak store traffic, cutthroat competition from online retailers, and a more or less failed e-reader offering. The company's latest earnings report once again showed a steep decline in its Nook business, which has so far failed to pinch any significant market share from Amazon's (NASDAQ: AMZN ) Kindle. Still, there are a few bright spots to be found.Nook headachesWith all the trouble surrounding the company's e-reader business, some might wonder why Barnes & Noble didn't axe the product as it had previously intended. In any case, it's not doing results much good. Overall revenue dipped 1.8%, largely as a result of Nook sales tanking some 51% for the period. Still, the figure beat estimates. Overall comp retail store sales declined by 1%, in line with estimates, while retail core comparable sales rose by 1.7% as a result of stabilization in its physical book business and strength in other divisions such as Gifts.Earnings weren't quite as forgiving. Although net income rose by 14% and EPS rose 8.1% to $0.93, this number missed the $1.41 mark by miles. Still, the lackluster print wasn't all due to weakness in the company's all but failed e-reader venture. Taxes were a serious drag on the bottom line, with income tax for the period some 55% higher than a year ago. Also hurting results were investments in the company's soon-to-be spun-off college textbook division.Still, not all the news was bad. The company halved its losses in the Nook division, as cost-cutting efforts paid off for the quarter. Also, the 1.7% print in core retail same-store sales was considerably better than last year's 0.5% decline. Finally, the company stated it would be closing less stores than previously anticipated, which is an encouraging sign.Spin-OffThe plan to separate the company's college textbook and retail/Nook divisions into two separate publicly-traded entities was announced last month. The move, which will manifest as a tax-free distribution to current shareholders, is expected to close in August. According to management, the split will allow investors to more accurately gauge the individual strengths and weaknesses of both divisions, as well as provide an increased focus on strategy for management.Indeed, College seems, for all intents and purposes, to be the better performing segment . During the third quarter, sales rose by 7.2% although comps slipped by around 1.4%. EBITDA also slid by some $7 million as a result of continued investments to support growth and develop the digital education platform. As such, the new publicly-traded entity may prove to be a more compelling choice than the company's retail business.ConclusionFaced with stiff competition from online retailers and a largely failed e-reader product, Barnes & Noble seems to be fighting an uphill battle. Q3 results were disappointing to many investors, with EPS severely missing the mark and poor revenue growth weighing on sentiment. However, plans to spin off the company's better-performing college textbook division should allow the company to more effectively pool its resources, and with core retail comp store sales on the rise, things may not be as bad as they seem. At the moment, the stock looks like a \"wait-and-see\".Source: Barnes & Noble Just Can't Compete With KindleDisclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. (More...)The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.Check out Seeking Alpha's new Earnings Center »Seeking Alpha PRO helps fund managers:Research new investment ideasFor an overview of our products and pricing:Full Name"
"Amazon Kindle Fire HD tablets now getting Firefly visual searchFeb 26, 2015JC TorresThe Amazon Fire Phone might be considered a flop, but that doesn't mean the retailer giant is giving up on all its features. One of those features is Firefly, Amazon's rather quirky and amorphous visual search tool. That feature is now arriving on Amazon 's more affordable tablet line, the Kindle Fire HD , to give users a bit of an experience of what it feels  like to have a digital eye, the Internet, and Amazon's cloud services at your disposal in trying to identify things that you can't.At first glance, Amazon Firefly's purpose sounds simple enough. Snap up a photo of a thing and Amazon will analyze it and point you to the corresponding product on its virtual shelves. That's not surprising considering Amazon's core business. Things get a bit muddled, however, when you consider all the other things that Firefly can do. Scan a business card and it will be able to analyze the text there. Show it a video on TV and it can identify what TV show or film it is. And, as of last December, it can even recognize about 2,000 artworks .That functionality, which admittedly may be useful from time to time, is the one that is coming to Kindle Fire HD tablets in the US, the UK, and Germany. Those include the super wallet friendly, and also least powerful, Fire HD 6 and Fire HD 7. It seems, however, that not all of Firefly's scanning abilities will make it, with only song, movie, and product search mentioned to make the cut.Firefly is perhaps just one of the more useful features that the Fire Phone actually has. The Dynamic Perspective was seen more as a gimmick that didn't fly. And the rest of the smartphone's features, save for telephony, is pretty much available on Amazon's tablets. Now with Firefly also making its way to the budget line, perhaps there is even less reasons for Amazon's loyal followers to reach out for a Fire Phone at all."
"By tech2 News Staff /  27 Mar 2015 , 11:26Amazon has released its new Kindle eBook reader - Voyage - in India at a price of Rs 16,499 for the Wi-Fi variant and Rs 20,499 for the 3G variant. The device is said to have many improvements over its predecessors along with a thinner and lighter body. The e-book reader is available on Amazon India.In terms of design, the Kindle Voyage features a 6-inch display with Carta e-paper technology and adaptive front light that adjusts automatically. It sports a magnesium back and a glass-flush front which uses micro-etching to diffuse light to eliminate screen glare. It has an internal storage of 4GB which is capable of holding over thousands of books.The Kindle Voyage is just 7.6mm thin and the company claims that it is their thinnest Kindle ever. It has a high-resolution display with 300ppi, which is twice as many pixels as Kindle Paperwhite. The display is said to deliver crisp text which will read similar as on the printed page. The new PagePress sensors added to the e-book will allow a user to turn the page without lifting a finger, claims Amazon. This feature is said to provide a silent haptic response for constant and immediate feedback.The new front light on the Voyage will sense a user's environment and will automatically adjust the brightness. It can be adjusted manually as well. In terms of battery, the Kindle Voyage will fully charge in approximately 3 hours from a computer via USB cable. Amazon claims that a single charge will lasts up to six weeks, based on a half hour of reading per day with wireless off and the light setting at 10. Battery life will also vary based on light setting and wireless usage.In terms of Wi-Fi connectivity, the Voyage supports public and private Wi-Fi networks or hotspots that use the 802.11 b/g/n standards with support for WEP, WPA and WPA2 security, using password authentication or Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS).Similar to other 3G Kindles, the Kindle Voyage 3G will come with free 3G in over 100 countries across the world, which indicates that a user can browse the Kindle store and download books without needing to connect to Wi-Fi.The device measures 162 mm x 115 mm x 7.6 mm. The Wi-Fi variant weighs 180g while the Wi-Fi + 3G variant weighs 188g."
"Share on WhatsAppJudging a book by its cover is generally frowned upon, but the same cannot be said for ebooks. Especially when they are ebooks called Young Tales of the Old Cosmos , and the cover is a picture of three moons with human expressions best described as \"Buh?\", \"Hmm\" and \"Ooh\". When they're that, you can frankly judge yourselves blind.This is something the anonymous creator of Kindle Cover Disasters has exploited to great effect. His site cherry-picks the most spectacularly egregious real-life ebook covers, and holds them aloft for all to see. Covers such as The Pig's Head Part 1 by Demetri Paul (an illuminati mountain with a giant moose head coming out of it), The Hunger by Doug Dandridge (a low-res cityscape containing a mouth, a bat, a syringe and a knife) and Arrival of the Overlords: Novel 2 - Invasion Planet Earth by Franklin Eddy (literally just a photo of a woman's face).Ebook covers. Photograph: Kindle\"It is the hubris of it that people get a kick out of,\" claims the creator. \"The devil-may-care attitude of an author, who, with zero arts training, says to themselves: 'How hard can it be?'\" He points to But . You're a Horse by David Bussell as his own personal favourite, a winning pulpy Mills & Boonish image of a passionate embrace between a wench and a horse.Ebook covers. Photograph: KindleBut much more indicative of the site are The Hound Riders of P'toonig'ai by Scoots McCoy, a closeup of a pet dog; and BIRTH CONTROL IS SINFUL IN THE CHRISTIAN MARRIAGES and also ROBBING GOD OF PRIESTHOOD CHILDREN!! by Ms Eliyzabeth Yanne Strong-Anderson, a blurry image of the ticked-off author.Ebook covers. Photograph: KindleDespite all the objectively bad artwork on Kindle Cover Disasters, the creator claims that it is all meant to be affectionate. \"I'm for creativity. Give me a choice between the mundane or a beautiful mess and I'll take The Hound Riders of P'toonig'ai every time.\"More than anything, though, Kindle Cover Disasters is a celebration of integrity. These authors and artists won't be moderated by popular tastes. They know what they want and, by God, they're going to give it to us. And, given the ebook origins of 50 Shades of Grey , perhaps one of them will emerge as the next literary sensation. If people one day start flocking to the big-screen adaptation of Mystery, Murder, and Love Laced Within a Bouquet of Lies by Roberta L Smith, remember where you saw it first."
"Siam Goorwich for Metro.co.uk and Pejman Faratin for Metro.co.uk Thursday 19 Mar 2015 5:58 pmWrong. So wrong. (Picture: Amazon)When people say, 'don't judge a book by its cover', they're not talking about these books. These books deserve to be judged. Harshly.You'd think the fact that Kindle books don't need covers would mean that, well, kindle books don't have covers. What it in fact means is that some Kindle books (many of which, coincidentally, also have dubious titles and subject matters) have really unbelievably sh*t covers.And when we say sh*t we mean, laugh out loud, nightmare-inducing, mind-bogglingly sh*t.Here are 12 of the best/ worst.1. Old Ladies Who Love Porn(Picture: Amazon)We REALLY hope Franklin Eddy got permission to use this woman's face. 2. But. You're a Horse(Picture: Amazon)To be fair, bestiality never looked so good. "
"0I won't swallow the FCC's rationale that it may grant Amazon an accessibility waiver because the Kindle's primary purpose is not as an \"advanced communication device.\" Sighted people can send Gmail (via a Kindle Web browser) or read long e-mailed files in the e-book mode as if they are books. Also, Amazon could afford read-aloud in earlier E Ink Kindles without going into bankruptcy. Millions of e-readers have been sold, and their makers shouldn't be able to dodge the accessibility act. As described by Sen. Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, the CVAA is to \"provide full access for Americans with disabilities to the technological tools vital to complete participation in 21st century society.\" More and more libraries and schools offer e-books, so Kindles and the like certainly should be covered here.Bringing back TTS to Kindles could cost less per e-reader than a Big Mac. The related microchips are dirt cheap, and Amazon even owns Ivona, makers of text-to-speech software. And a headphone jack? Hardly a design problem. A thicker \"lip\" just at the bottom of the case could allow for a jack in the thinnest Kindle. Or Amazon could simply use an extra-thin jack and offer an adapter for people to plug in ordinary headphones or ear buds. But now text to speech is AWOL even from the $200 Amazon Voyage, billed as a deluxe reader. Apparently TTS doesn't count as \"reading.\" If nothing else, read-aloud can be a godsend for power readers with tired eyes.Aggravating matters, Amazon has not added an all-text bolding option for older Americans, like me, who can read better with more perceived contrast between text and background. Missing, too, is a font for dyslexic users.Granted, TTS is available on iPads, cell phones and such, but not everyone wants a tablet or smart phone. E-Ink readers have longer battery lives and are generally cheaper, and the newest screens are lit up from the front to avoid the usual glare when you're reading with your eyes.Having written on e-book-related matters since the early 1990s, I can tell you that Amazon actually would come out ahead with the restoration of audio to E Ink Kindles. It makes money off content, not just devices. And TTS means that people would have more time to enjoy books. They could start them on the jogging path in audio and finish them the usual way. Furthermore, related audio capabilities in new E Ink Kindles would broaden the market for audiobooks from Amazon's Audible division.I'm a huge fan of Amazon's better side - I buy most of my electronics there - but the read-aloud muting reminds me of another blunder: the overpriced, over-featured Amazon phone. Other steady customers can join me in complaining to jeff@amazon.com .Amazon donated at least 1,000 Kindles to the National PTA in return for an endorsement as \"The Official E-reader of the National PTA,\" and at my suggestion, the organization is laudably asking to discuss accessibility issues with Amazon.Even If the e-reader companies and the FCC wise up, we should make the 2010 legislation more lobbyist-proof. Same for other disability laws that could help school kids and other e-reader users and potential users. How about it, Senator Markey? Remember - in your days in the House of Representatives , you helped write the CVAA. Let's finish the job.David H. Rothman runs LibraryCity.org, a library advocacy site calling for a national digital library endowment, and founded the TeleRead e-book site now owned by North American Publishing. His email is davidrothman@pobox.com ."
"Will Amazon's Kindle Scout democratize publishing?Editors' PicksBy Husna Haq, CorrespondentFebruary 27, 2015Romance novel 'A Highland Knight's Desire' by Amy Jarecki will be one of the 10 books published in Amazon Kindle Scout's first set of reader-selected books.View CaptionCall it the American Idol of books, the democratization of publishing, the crowdsourcing of literature.Amazon's Kindle Scout , one of the first crowdsourced publishing platforms, announced it will release its first set of 10 reader-voted titles March 3.The first set of books include science fiction, romance, thriller, and mystery novels, including \"G1\" by Rigel Carson (science fiction), \"A Highland Knight's Desire\" by Amy Jarecki (romance), and \"L.A. Sniper\" by Steve Gannon (thriller).Recommended: Bad guys in books: Try our villains in literature quiz!Launched in October , the program lets readers vote for their favorite unpublished titles from a collection of manuscripts submitted for consideration by aspiring authors. Readers get to first preview an excerpt from unreleased books, then nominate up to three for publishing. The Kindle Scout team then tallies how many votes each the book received and decides which are suitable for publishing. Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend\"Since we opened our doors we've been busy weighing the feedback of over 29,000 enthusiastic Scouts who have nominated the books they want to read next,\" Dina Hilal, general manager for Kindle Scout, said in a statement . \"These first 10 titles signal a new option for authors, who can choose to have their books discovered and supported by Amazon customers even before they are published.\"Authors whose books are chosen receive a 5-year renewable publishing deal, with a $1,500 advance, a royalty rate of 50 percent, and the ability to take back rights to the book if the author doesn't earn at least $25,000 during the 5-year contract.The approach benefits Amazon in many ways. As Geekwire points out , it leverages the company's large customer base for market research, similar to the way that Amazon Studios asks viewers to weigh in on television pilots before deciding which will go into full production.It also gives Amazon access to a slew of up-and-coming authors who will remember that Amazon, not a traditional publishing house, gave them their first opportunity.And finally, it offers the company folks in publishing love to hate some good PR: Amazon Scout is, in effect, a feel-good story about a large corporation helping indie authors get published and get noticed.Amazon today opened up Scout to more genres. The company is now accepting contemporary fiction, historical fiction, and action & adventure submissions in addition to romance, mystery/thriller and science fiction.Here are the 10 titles chosen by Amazon Scouts for publication March 3:G1  by Rigel Carson - Science Fiction"
"Station Eleven: great post-apocalyptic novel on sale as a Kindle ebook for $3By Mark Frauenfelder at 11:58 am Tue, Mar 17, 2015SHARE TWEET STUMBLE COMMENTSI've read 83% of Station Eleven on my Kindle, so I don't know whether it has a interesting ending or not (I'm one of those lowbrows who doesn't like books without a satisfying conclusion), but I am loving it so far. Amazon is selling it as a Kindle for $3 right now.Like Earth Abides , the 1949 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by George R. Stewart, Emily St. John Mandel's Station Eleven is about life on earth after 99.99% of the population gets wiped out by a fast-moving fatal pandemic. And like Stewart, St. John Mandel does a great job of envisioning a world without everything we are currently dependent on.Here's the jacket copy:An audacious, darkly glittering novel set in the eerie days of civilization's collapse, Station Eleven tells the spellbinding story of a Hollywood star, his would-be savior, and a nomadic group of actors roaming the scattered outposts of the Great Lakes region, risking everything for art and humanity.One snowy night Arthur Leander, a famous actor, has a heart attack onstage during a production of King Lear. Jeevan Chaudhary, a paparazzo-turned-EMT, is in the audience and leaps to his aid. A child actress named Kirsten Raymonde watches in horror as Jeevan performs CPR, pumping Arthur's chest as the curtain drops, but Arthur is dead. That same night, as Jeevan walks home from the theater, a terrible flu begins to spread. Hospitals are flooded and Jeevan and his brother barricade themselves inside an apartment, watching out the window as cars clog the highways, gunshots ring out, and life disintegrates around them.Fifteen years later, Kirsten is an actress with the Traveling Symphony. Together, this small troupe moves between the settlements of an altered world, performing Shakespeare and music for scattered communities of survivors. Written on their caravan, and tattooed on Kirsten's arm is a line from Star Trek: \"Because survival is insufficient.\" But when they arrive in St. Deborah by the Water, they encounter a violent prophet who digs graves for anyone who dares to leave.Spanning decades, moving back and forth in time, and vividly depicting life before and after the pandemic, this suspenseful, elegiac novel is rife with beauty. As Arthur falls in and out of love, as Jeevan watches the newscasters say their final good-byes, and as Kirsten finds herself caught in the crosshairs of the prophet, we see the strange twists of fate that connect them all. A novel of art, memory, and ambition, Station Eleven tells a story about the relationships that sustain us, the ephemeral nature of fame, and the beauty of the world as we know it."
"Best Gaming Android Tablets: Nvidia Shield Tablet Vs. Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Vs. Google Nexus 9By Quinten Plummer ,      Tech Times  |  March 1, 9:36 AMWith a massive back catalog of games borne of the smartphone revolution, mobile device manufacturers are stuffing more processor power into tablets to push mobile gaming forward. We take a look at three tablets leading the revolution.(Photo : Image courtesy of NVidia)There's a war raging away from the controllers, big screens, keyboards, mice and 144-Hz monitors when it comes to mobile gaming. Tablets are accelerating the growth of the already expanding market and device makers are shoring up features that have nothing to do with gaming, so it's a good time to take a look at three of the biggest players.Core gamers -- the devout Sony Ponies, X-bots and PC Neckbeards -- have long railed against the bite-sized games, touch controls and pay walls that defined mobile gaming. But opinions appear to be shifting as the mobile market births enticing gems, such as Monument Valley, and carries ports of console games such as Limbo and Minecraft.The three tablets listed in this roundup may not replace any dedicated hardware, but they are worth a look for gamers in the market for new tablets:Nvidia Shield Tablet ($399, 32GB version)(Photo : NVidia)The Shield Tablet was built with gamers in mind, specifically those who own Nvidia GPUs. Consumers need to have Nvidia GPUs in order to stream games from a PC to a Shield Tablet. Remote streaming is one of the Shield Tablet's most impressive features, but there are features that could attract AMD owners and casual gamers.That Tegra K1 doesn't need a workhorse PC to bear the brunt of the processing work. The Shield Tablet has a growing collection of games optimized just for it. Current headliners include Trine 2, Half Life 2, Need for Speed Most Wanted and Portal.Google Nexus 9 ($599, 32GB Version)(Photo : TechCloud)The Nexus 9 is about 140 percent more powerful in general, according to Passmark. It's also about 165 percent more powerful than the Amazon Fire HDX 8.9.NVidia's Tegra K1 processor powers both the Nexus 9 and the Shield Tablet, though the former's CPU uses the Denver CPU and is clocked about 0.1GHz faster than the latter.While some gamers would like to just stick with a Nintendo DS as they don't care at all about a tablet's non-gaming features, we have to mention the Nexus 9 has a better rear camera than the Shield Tablet.The Nexus 9 and Fire HDX both sport 8MP cameras on their backs, but the Shield Tablet wears the superior selfie cam on its face. Nexus 9's 1.3 MP front camera and the Fire HDX 8.9 sub-megapixel seflie cam both fall short of the 5MP shooter on the front of the Shield Tablet.Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 ($429, 32GB Version)(Photo : Amazon)The Fire nets a win in packing the most pixels into its display. It has a resolution of 2650x1600, while the Nexus 9 and Shield Tablet put out 2048x1536 and 1920x1080 respectively.Amazon has launched its own video game studio and has released two exclusive games for its Fire tablets.Bottom Line:These tablets can serve as primary gaming devices, but even Nvidia has realized there has to be more to the portable device beyond playing games. The Shield Tablet succeeded the Shield Portable for that reason. All three tablets are more than capable of running the latest mobile games, so it all comes down to what additional features a gamer wants to tap. Selfie, anyone?"
"Get the latest news on e-Books, Digital Publishing, Manga, Anime and TabletsLet's Read PDF Files on the Amazon Kindle VoyageMarch 5, 2015By Michael Kozlowski Leave a CommentThe PDF format has been around for a longtime and many readers have a collection of material they would like to read on their Kindle Voyage . Everything from complex documents, to newspaper and magazines are the most common and does the Voyage make sense to read them?Today, we take a look at the entire PDF experience on the Amazon Kindle Voyage. The Seattle company has really improved the reading features and it no longer crashes when you are reading files that are over 200 MB. One of the things I like is the image map that appears in the top left corner when you are pinching and zooming. It really helps to orientate you on exactly where you are in in the document.Likely, the most compelling feature is the fact that not only can you highlight text and make notes but you can translate words from one language to another.Michael Kozlowski ( 4780 Posts )Michael Kozlowski is the Editor in Chief of Good e-Reader. He has been writing about electronic readers and technology for the last four years. His articles have been picked up by major and local news sources and websites such as the Huffington Post, CNET and more. Michael frequently travels to international events such as IFA, Computex, CES, Book Expo and a myriad of others. If you have any questions about any of his articles, please send Michael Kozlowski an email to michael@goodereader.comRelated Posts"
"1The PTA Family Reading Experience, Powered by Kindle is a reading program that is designed to engage families in their children's efforts to become better readers because we have long recognized that when schools and families work together, students are more successful. The program provides schools and families a free set of tools and activities that can be used with physical books, Kindles and other e-book providers to engage children in reading, help them better understand reading fundamentals and inspire a lifelong love of literature.The Kindle is not a requirement of the program - physical books, including those with Braille and audio remain an integral part of family reading. National PTA's goal is to get families more involved in their children's reading, and this program simply provides readers a new way to access books of all kinds.It is a policy of National PTA to be inclusive to individuals from all backgrounds. The association makes every effort to develop programs and resources that support and appeal to students with varying factors including age, ethnicity, language and culture, gender, and mental or physical ability.National PTA is proud to have teamed up with an organization such as Amazon that shares our passion for reading and supporting family literacy.Otha Thornton, Alexandria, Va."
"SubscribeIn October last year, Amazon.com Inc. ( AMZN ) introduced a crowd-sourced publishing platform, Kindle Scout, that allows readers to vote for those unpublished authors that they would like in their devices. The company is now ready to release the first batch of titles on Mar 3.To date, Amazon has approved 21 titles from unknown authors via this platform. First, the company will release 10 books that cover a range of genres comprising romance, thriller and science fiction, which can be pre-ordered now. The remaining 11 books will be published at a later date.The ProcessKindle Scout provides readers with extracts of certain unpublished literary works. After reading them, users can vote for up to three books they wish to be published and will also have the option of constantly reassessing their votes once new works are added.Though the program gives readers the feeling they are the ones deciding which books get published and which don't, the final decision lies with Amazon.After the 30-day reader voting period is over, the Kindle Scout team reviews the books with the highest number of votes and selects which three will ultimately be published.However, the readers who voted for the approved title enjoy the perks of being awarded a free, full-length Kindle edition of the book a week prior to the official release.The AuthorsThe authors of the books selected for publishing will be given $1,500 in advance along with a five-year renewable term, easy rights reversions and Amazon marketing. The royalties will be split 50-50 between the author and Amazon.However, Amazon does give these authors the right to take their business to another publisher in case their book doesn't earn at least $25,000 over a five-year period.Looking ForwardWe know that there are probably millions of talented, fantastic, undiscovered authors and books out there. Realizing this, Amazon holds its \"Breakthrough Novel Award\" contest every year, which searches for the best up-and-coming authors and rewards them with publishing contracts from Penguin.The Kindle Scout is a great platform for an unpublished author. Getting his books published quickly and with the help of Amazon's marketing power would be a dream come true for any budding author.Now let's wait and see if Kindle Scout produces a literary genius.  Amazon currently holds a Zacks Rank #3.Stocks That Warrant a LookOther better-ranked stocks in the industry include PetMed Express, Inc. ( PETS ), EVINE Live Inc. ( EVLV ) and Autobytel Inc. ( ABTL ). While PetMed sports a Zacks Rank #1,  EVINE Live and Autobytel carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report"
